All this shit
for three e two one
pow Louis Gomez.
We are live,
we are live connected through the interwebs and through a network of Comedians,
Louis Gomez loose j Gomez who is Jayco mass.
What do you like the j cause go Google Louis Gomez and watch how many baseball
players,
uh,
fucking just that's a problem making people use the J.
It's very pretentious for garlic.
Yeah,
I agree.
No,
it is.
I understand you have to,
but it's almost like,
well,
it's almost ironic because I'm such a piece of garbage,
so I would have like a middle initial like,
um,
right.
Like you're like a luminary.
Yeah.
Some important,
some important intellectual.
Yeah,
it is.
But yeah,
it does.
It separates me as well.
But I almost feel like I,
I've made it a joke at this point.
They're correct.
Everyone that doesn't say the j.
So if I didn't correct you,
oh,
I see.
I wouldn't be being true to myself.
I understand.
So Louis J.
Gomez.
Thank you.
I feel like,
um,
you know,
we've talked about this ad nauseum on the podcast,
but I think this is one of the most unique times for,
uh,
like networks of comedians that were all connected together the way that we
weren't really before.
It was always like east coast versus West Coast for some stupid fucking reason.
There was always this debate where the best comics or from the style of comedy,
but that Shit seems to be out the window.
The Internet,
the best comics Naper gods.
He lives in fucking Tennessee.
Who's that?
He's a great comic cause he clean,
squeaky clean.
My Son's godfather just at a Netflix special.
Uh,
how do you spell his last name?
I'll be a r,
g.
A.
T.
Z.
E brilliant comic and Tz Eight.
He's,
he,
but he grew up in Tennessee and he was like,
dude,
I don't want to live in New York or la.
Good for him.
Big House for $300,000 a fucking mansion.
Get ready for the zombies.
Yes,
zombies.
You want to live in that house.
Like that old dude and his daughter did going to live out there and have a
fucking perimeter protected.
Yeah.
Guys like Stan Hope.
He hasn't been La.
It was going to Bisbee for 12 years now that psychopath rip to stand helps dogs
now help bird his dog.
Yesterday did a big thing on social media about it.
Very touching,
very touching.
They put their dog down.
Sad.
I went through that last year with two dogs.
They're both couldn't walk anymore.
I mean,
I held on as long as I can,
but I had to carry my dog in and out of the house.
I had to carry him to eat.
I'd carry him outside and go,
it needs 140 pounds.
It was just,
it was well,
why couldn't they walk?
He was old.
A lot of leg locks.
I feel like the dog should have some good defense.
Wants to protect my fucking house.
Fuck.
Oh God,
no.
He's just big dog.
It's really old.
He was 13 which is super old for a massive oh yeah.
Those are huge dog.
Really old from it.
He said what's called a regency massive,
which is,
he was a part Neapolitan mastiff and part pit bull with a guy who,
my friend Joe who raised them and bred,
he
bred out all of the animal aggression.
So you wouldn't let any dogs breed if they were aggressive towards people or
they're aggressive towards other dogs.
So what you get is this super chill massive dog.
Oh Wow.
Who's the athletic,
like there was small for a,
like a massive is like they can go like 200 plus pounds,
but those dogs are not very athletic.
They don't move very good.
Right.
It was a mix.
So any sort of like 140 they're like fucking running back.
I got a kid.
So I have,
I have a hard time bringing beasts into my home that can kill a child very wise.
And you,
and it's sad and I'm not one of these anti pitbull people,
but I do understand when you see it,
you know,
you see irresponsible owners,
not the dog.
You have an asshole,
some fucking kid who doesn't know how to train a pit bull the proper way at an
animal that can literally kill somebody.
Um,
and you,
you know,
you see them,
you know the mall children,
and they,
you know,
and it's a sad,
it's such a sad thing.
So I get terrified anytime I see my dope,
my kid,
I walked the streets in New York City with him.
I live at Harlem,
so it's,
you know,
every other block is like the hood and then it's nice and then it's the hood.
And,
uh,
he was working so weird.
Yeah,
I figured out how to do that.
Yeah.
It's,
you know,
it's,
that's what they call gentrification,
right?
SORTA.
I mean,
I guess this is more of racially,
uh,
they're talking with gentrification,
sort of a,
I think it's like a class thing because I grew up in a really shitty,
I grew up in the suburbs,
but very poor welfare section eight.
And kids in the city though,
when they grow up poor,
they're like on the next block there's like a millionaire or they're on the
subway and there's some fucking dude is going to Wall Street and you know,
he's,
he,
they're just constantly around an energy of success,
which is a very different thing when you go to the suburbs or rural areas.
It's a depressing,
nobody's striving to even get out.
Really.
No,
that's a very good point,
right?
Like you get to be truly integrated in New York City where La is missing that
Ellie's missing that in a big way.
La,
you have retrieval and poor people,
you know,
they're separated by cars.
Yeah,
they're separated.
You can't hang out.
You have to be in that social circle.
You have to,
cause people always debate like,
oh,
what Scott,
who's got hotter checks in New York or la and the answer's ally,
but in New York,
you're going to see them in New York.
Like you walked down the street.
Me and Ari did a,
he does a podcast every year called happy booby day and we did it last year at
the Legion of skanks and all it is happy booby day.
It's today,
to be honest with you,
it's the,
for the first like days of spring,
usually end of March,
beginning of April.
And it's the first day that girls were like mini skirts out and their tits or
just hanging out and we literally just walked through the streets following hot
chicks comment that it was the most,
I mean you literally,
I don't even know.
I don't even know how we have careers at all.
Like we did this a year ago,
this isn't fucking 20 years ago.
But uh,
yeah you,
but you get to see them,
you get to interact with them and ally,
you're not interacting with a crazy hot model unless you know the right people.
You'd have to be standing somewhere where they go.
Right.
Cause like in La
you wanted to meet,
you'd have run a casting agency.
That's what I have to do.
That's why those guys started that shit.
That's why they did that.
How many people went into the business just so the meet girls just to get pussy,
like 30% of them.
That whole Motley Crue movie,
they s they are unapologetic about it.
Yeah,
they're unapologetic.
They're like,
uh,
yeah,
we,
we did this mic.
Maurice was like,
if it wasn't for groupies,
especially in a real interview,
I wouldn't even becoming a musician.
Yeah.
I mean people would criticize that like,
oh it's so gross.
It should be real artist was.
That is a crazy life.
You do not understand.
No one understands.
I don't understand.
There's no fucking,
like we had David Lee Roth in here.
There is no fucking way any of us will ever understand what it was like to be
David Lee Roth.
It is not humanly possible.
He is not pot and to be,
to come out the other end is fucking cool as that guy is like,
how the hell did that happen to not be,
I feel like I'm dying and I don't party at all really.
Like I drank a little bit and I feel like everyday I'm like,
is that my liver?
I don't even know what my remember is on my body.
I swear to God,
I couldn't point to my liver on my back.
Okay.
If you're standing in an orthodox stance and someone hits you with a left hook
to the body,
that's where your liver is.
That's why guys drop right here.
Yup.
It's right under your ribs.
Okay,
so when you punch somebody in the liver,
a lot of guys mistakenly go below the ribs.
Yeah.
You'd want to go right with the floating ribs,
bounces into the,
yeah.
If you watched like Shannon,
the Canon Briggs,
shout out to the champ.
Oh,
look at David Ruffin,
that picture.
Oh,
gotta.
Come on,
man.
Nobody lives like that.
That guy was on top of the goddamn world.
It was built like a Greek God.
He could do the full splits.
The fucking wheel kicks on stage and Shit.
Unapologetic the level of sex this guy must've had.
Oh my God.
Off the chart.
It,
to be honest with you,
when I started comedy,
I started comedy wanting idolize and costs like that.
I grew up on 80s metal,
so I swear company 15 years ago.
It was literally a different time,
like you didn't really have to shy away from being like,
yeah,
I want to fuck after a show.
That wasn't a crazy thought.
No,
it was.
It was still want to do it,
but now,
yeah.
Yeah.
Hey,
go to go to Shannon,
the Canon Briggs page,
his Instagram page.
There's something very funny that Tucker Cross and said,
I know people are like,
oh my God,
don't even quote him.
He said something very funny as shit.
He says,
I'm very funny about some of the news anchor that this is all the men that are
going to be left if radical feminists take over the world.
Apologetic.
Yeah.
Bespectacled.
I forget what the way he phrased it,
but it was very funny.
I was like,
there's a lot of fucking people like that.
There's a lot of guys like that out there and it's,
they don't want to be that guy.
They're stuck.
That's all they can pull off.
They're doing probably the smarter move because we're,
we're going down a path where I don't think they're saying all the pendulum will
swing back and we're going to eventually be able to celebrate rape culture again
and it's never going to happen.
Okay.
We are going down a path where you know on television and their entertainment,
you see what's being booked.
You see what's being pushed out there and look it despite the fact that there's
a political message and everything,
there's still some good shit out there.
It's not like you're sending great content.
You know?
That's one of the reasons why I posted that Tim Dillon video yesterday.
Do you have that Shannon?
The Canon one,
there's one where he's a,
he hits his dude like it's one of his more recent fight clips that he put up.
The fight starts,
it goes like 10 seconds and he steps towards this dude and he hits him with a
left hook to the body and crumple zone and I just want to show he's like a
master at the liver,
shot another shot.
He's one of the best heavyweights of all time when it comes to liver shots.
He was so good at it.
If you would have said,
points your liver,
I watch this,
watch this.
This is Shannon cannon.
Watch,
look,
watch this.
Liver.
Bang.
That's it.
See he goes to the body and then down to the gut,
he'll pop you with the jab,
poppy with the hook upstairs.
Watch this,
look at this.
See this is,
they're just showing it.
Boom.
Wants the left hook pop.
What's this?
Upstairs.
Boom.
And then downstairs,
that's one of them.
But that's not the one where he stopped the dude.
He just came jumping out of the gate.
But there's another one I think a little bit further back than that.
Honestly.
It looks like he hits so hard.
He hit so hard.
Oh my giant.
Do two pieces just in general,
like you know,
and you know,
we obviously both watch a lot of [inaudible].
I don't really watch boxing,
but now that I'm a pretty big MMA fan,
I watch boxing in a different,
and the way they punch it looks so devastating.
Oh,
for sure.
So I remember one time we did a street promotion.
I was running street teams in New York City for comedy clubs.
Like even before I started comedy and we did a thing where we got like boxing
gloves and headgear and we went out and we're challenging people to come in and
just box and if they could beat me in a boxing match,
I've never fucking turned the day in my life.
But if they could just simply beat me in a boxing match,
they got free tickets to the show that night.
It was just a way to generate a crowd in my streets and guys were selling
tickets.
If people trying to go to a comedy show.
Do you think it helped your act at all?
Like I was even doing comedy at that point had punched,
I wasn't even doing comedies.
Watched this guy.
See that left to the body.
How digs that?
Watch that one more time.
Watch how he sets it up.
He Jabs to the head and then when you cover upstairs,
oh look at that.
Boom.
He hits you with a left hook to the face,
but it's a quick left.
Took the set up the left hook to the body.
By the way,
he's 50.
Yeah,
I see his beard.
It's a fucking animal.
Can tell by his face.
He wants to find them.
But I think there's also a TRT issue,
but nobody wants to fight him right now.
He has a hard time getting fights.
Well that's his chin,
bro.
Leave his cello.
Don't make fun of his facial hair.
The guy just got fucked up by the cannon.
Let's go chat.
If you go to his Instagram page,
it's all,
let's go champ.
Let's go chat.
It's very inspiring man.
Like if I want to feel good,
I go to Shannon.
The canons Instagram page.
Is that where you go?
Yeah,
it makes me feel good.
It's all positive.
It's like,
let's go champ.
And it's like you got to drink more water champ.
You've got to eat healthy champ.
Here it is.
He's always like super friendly and had them on the show once we had them call
in.
Um,
I think Bisbee knows him pretty well.
You gotta be there with them live?
Yeah.
Oh,
he's,
yeah.
All personality.
Yeah.
He's,
he's,
he's uh,
like a battery of black Santa Claus.
Look at him.
He's got some serious white and that beard.
Oh yeah.
I think he's still trying to fight.
He had some sort of a tea.
Our tea issue don't,
testosterone replacement therapy can make a separate league where you just let
the guys,
yeah.
100% steroids and TRT and who cares?
Especially older guys.
Yeah.
Avitar Belfort's now go into one FC and uh,
it looks good.
Again,
looking sexy porn all filled out.
Did you see Eddie Alvarez is I,
yeah,
he got fucked up.
Yeah.
That dude,
he fought Timofey um,
as Duke in Nass.
Duke and I think is his last name.
He's the guy is a beast.
That one FC show was legit.
Yeah.
Have you watched it?
I've watched just highlights.
I don't have time and I'm coming to watch all the UFC fights this time.
Um,
so it's hard to kind of to watch the other cards as well,
but once in a while,
Washington Beltour I'll watch one FC Gamma at that.
I,
oh my God.
His Eyes Freddy fucked up.
Oh my God.
That's terrible.
That's a terrible injury.
Yeah,
they,
it looks like it's split his eyelid.
It did.
Oh my gosh.
This is Christ.
It's split his fucking eyelid,
dude.
Oh my God.
People,
people don't realize like that side of it,
like,
I mean,
that's fucking touch your face.
you had a little bit of an MMA fight.
You know what it's like.
Not really.
You did,
it was a fight is a fight against another comedian comedian up.
Very impressive.
But Hey,
it was,
he had a taekwondo black belt from when he was 14 years old.
Take that back to taekwondo black belt.
I think people forget how to do shit,
man,
if you all bullshit aside.
But they also gave out a lot of talk,
Mondo black belts that are 100% portraits.
It's,
it's part of the business.
Even if they're not,
if you're not giving your belts out,
how you're not going to get people to come back.
Dude,
I know a lot of people that were like my son's nine years old,
he just got his black belt.
I want to like,
oh,
what are you even saying?
I'll beat the shit out of that kid everywhere.
Well that's the problem.
We give another nine year olds will,
most actual tough athletic kid who's,
who's not afraid of getting it.
That's a dinner between kids who like,
we'll do,
you know,
karate and kick a board.
Yeah.
There's also the kids that are just from the hood have been being punched in the
face by their uncles and fathers since they were a baby and they are just ready
to fight and they're being hit to them.
It's like you get desensitized to it if you're doing any sort of training or if
you've,
you know,
you have a really tough environment,
you actually get desensitized to it and you realize after being hit a few times
that wants adrenaline kicks in,
it doesn't really hurt.
You know,
it hurts after the fact.
But,
um,
so I think you have those kids that will just,
I mean wreck their shit.
Just a little nine year old from the hood.
That's a tough kid.
Kids that grow up around violence.
If you get in street fights all the time,
if you run other kids,
get in street fights,
people show you how to do things,
you learn things.
There's a lot of kids that are 10 11 years old that live in poor neighborhoods,
whether it's south Boston or you know,
south side of Chicago,
whatever,
any dangerous neighborhood that's like filled with poverty,
those kids will be
more apt to succeed in fights.
They understand how to fight the pull,
the trigger.
They're not going to be,
that's really the thing to know.
They have to pull the trigger because people will pull the trigger on them.
Whereas like there's a lot of people that talk a lot of shit,
but they never really pulled the trigger.
You see those guys?
Those are the guys I say pull the trigger.
Obviously I need mean punch someone.
I don't mean you said,
you said Chicago eat anywhere.
It's like,
especially after that.
Nipsey Hussle Gaga kills.
Like,
that's crazy.
That's so sad on video too.
They have the fuck I,
I'm not a hip hop fan at all,
but apparently was very positive.
Like antiviolence,
like it wasn't like a thuggie rapper that was promoting,
you know,
drug dealing and gang violence,
which I don't really know if even people do that as much anymore.
I don't know.
But by all accounts,
this guy was loved and uh,
you know,
he just,
it's just beyond fucked
just like that,
that,
that is still going on in this world.
It was,
if I'm not mistaken,
um,
he got into a fight with a guy,
right?
And the guy came back with a gun,
don't know,
and shot him.
That's what I read.
I think it was like a,
I don't know if those lines,
those lines,
something along those lines,
because the,
this,
when you hear about a hip hop artists come down,
you're like,
oh,
is this some longstanding beef?
And you know,
you know,
who knows.
But I think it was literally a fight that these guys got in and the guy came
back with a gun and just fucking Sutter unloading,
which is spiritual.
That's literally how my father died.
Literally.
Well except whether it was with a knife,
which is a much more hardcore way to do it.
But my dad was outside of a strip club at four o'clock in the morning and got
into an argument with a kid,
you know,
um,
like a 16 year old kid and they got into a fist fight.
Uh,
you know,
the kid came back like an hour later with a kitchen knife and stabbed him.
That's that.
And it's like,
God,
it also takes a different type of person to,
you know,
to,
to kill.
I'm,
I'm not,
I'm not the kid in the hood who was just ready to pull the trigger and punched
somebody.
Like I'm not,
I grew up in a weird way where it's like I was taught like,
wow,
you wait until they throw the first punch,
which is a terrible strategy.
But the,
that's sort of the way that I always,
it was always like fist fights in the parking lot with your friends.
He won't try to really hurt each other.
It was you got into an argument over a video game and you went out back in the
parking lot and you beat each other up for two minutes and then that was that.
Um,
but guys that are,
you know,
willing to kill somebody over whatever,
just an argument to take their life completely without any juicy,
they lose sense of the repercussions of it as well,
which is sort of like,
that's something that I think would separate most people and go like,
oh well I don't want to go to jail.
There's cameras.
I think a giant chunk of it is how they're,
what like what experiences they have growing up.
Like what happens to them?
Are they abused or they beaten or they around a lot of violence.
What are they exposed to?
And then how much more likely are you to commit that violence,
push that onto the next person.
That's really what it is.
I mean that's the vast majority.
I mean,
it's not,
uh,
it's not a shocker that so much violent crime comes from poor neighborhoods.
It's,
it's like it makes itself and makes itself the course,
almost like a virus.
I agree.
And I,
I,
you know,
I grew up,
my mom was extremely abusive,
um,
you know,
and I grew up with,
around a ton of violence,
a ton of physical and emotional abuse,
verbal abuse,
always the threat of violence at the drop of a hat.
It was,
it was always immediately too.
I'll beat the shit out of you if you don't do what I say,
even if she wasn't being violent.
Um,
and I did,
I go the opposite dude.
I,
you know,
with my son,
Dude,
I live with my son.
I've never even spanked him.
I'd never smacked him on the hand.
I've never,
I've never even really yelled at my son.
Um,
and I don't think that I got lucky and have a good kid.
I do have a good grab,
a great kid,
but I think it's a direct correlation to me not being aggressive with him at
all.
And I talk talking's huge,
right.
Have little conversations with them,
not just tell him what to do.
Ask Him,
give them the why.
If they don't understand why,
you know,
that just in general in life,
people just in general,
if they understand why something that there's a real purpose there and then they
do what they're doing,
you know,
with that purpose in mind.
And I think when little kids there,
you know,
they're so malleable and sometimes it's annoying for them to ask why two or
three times and it's easy to lose your patients.
Um,
but once you realize what you're,
you know,
that's,
I'm a piece of shit all admit I'm the first one to admit it.
But the only good thing I do,
I think is the fact that I'm creating this good little person.
He's a really good sweet person that I think is going to be,
you know,
all the shit that I didn't really have or you know,
all the good qualities that I think I,
you know,
I could have maybe had,
if I was raised the right way,
I'm trying to give my son and I think that's a really big responsibility.
And that's why,
you know,
you,
I feel bad when you see like real violence like that,
like fucking people that are like being really,
you're like,
dude,
I know that person experience some crazy shit.
100%.
It's,
it's not their fault in a weird way.
And it's definitely not,
you know,
I never lived in the worst neighborhood in the world,
but I lived in a shady one for quite a bit.
We lived in this place called Jamaica Plain,
uh,
outside of Boston for about a year.
My parents knew immediately who we had to get the fuck out of there and we only,
I think we stayed maybe a year,
a little over a year and a,
we got out of there as quick as we can,
but there was like a lot of breakins.
A lot of it was lower income.
It wasn't terrible.
It wasn't like a,
a gang violence,
shoot them up type shit.
But there was a lot of criminals.
Yeah,
a lot of shady shit.
Shit.
Poverty doesn't have to be like gangs.
It's just shitty.
Do poverty makes people do crazy shit.
It does.
And it makes,
I was never around kids that were that aggressive,
like kids.
We're always trying to fight me.
And um,
I just moved there.
We just moved there from Florida and I was like,
fuck,
I gotta get Outta here and this is what led me to martial art.
How old are you?
13.
Okay.
So you're,
you know,
teenage boy,
almost a man.
I mean,
you're going through puberty at this point.
That's it.
You know,
it's a scary time.
And there was all these kids that were just,
they were,
so
they had already fucked.
They are already doing drugs.
They just make a plane,
low income white or white and Puerto Rican like,
uh,
but mostly that mostly white and Puerto Rican.
It was a lot of it.
Uh,
just,
um,
a lot of cigarette smokers at 13 kids are smoking cigarettes,
anything.
They were drinking all the time.
I used to like my long cigarettes for her when I was at Penn.
Is that crazy?
I swear to God they could.
Great.
Fitzsimmons lived in a house with two parents that were chain smokers in an
apartment and they never opened the windows in the winter.
Are you crazy?
My mom never just think there's no sense.
My mom smoked her entire pregnancy with me.
Me Too.
My dog.
Yeah.
I mean they don't look,
once again,
she doesn't know kind of a new date sorta new jury was out on smoking while you
were pregnant.
I think in [inaudible] 82 when I was born.
Yeah.
For 82 I'm 67.
You,
your Mama was zero excuses.
My mom was in the 60s.
They didn't know shares that the 60s.
That was like,
you had to read a book and she was a little 20.
You know,
my mom was 2010.
My mom was 20 like that.
It's crazy.
Imagine that.
How old were you when you had your first kid for Raisie?
A 40.
You're four.
That's fuck.
That's so perfect.
Yeah.
It's such a perfect time.
I was 30,
which is fine.
It's too young.
I think my mom was 18 when she had my sister.
Yeah.
Um,
it's just the,
just the act of whether it,
no wonder when you start it with,
if you started at 20,
if you started at 40,
the act of raising another human being,
it just changes who the fuck you are,
but just does everything switches and gets weird and then you're like,
oh,
I'm responsible for,
for shaping your life and at least helping to shape your life.
And if I do a good job,
you'll be a good person.
You'll go out there and you'll make more good people and you'll meet good
people,
which is really what everybody wants.
At the end of the day,
everybody wants comradery and love and friendship.
That's why like what's the worst shit that can happen today?
You get canceled.
Everybody wants to cancel people.
You're out,
Ken,
out of here,
you're done.
It's over.
There's a weird,
is a strange,
it's also like I want you to not be able to make money,
but I want you to starve or go home,
be homeless.
I don't really understand exact specific,
it's not specific in terms like they don't want you to be able to make an
income.
They want to hurt you.
That's what it is because they're scared of someone doing it to them.
This is a big part of why people pull the trigger on that stuff.
Whether I just thought,
well,
people are calling for people to get canceled for like nothing,
like little tiny things.
Never again.
It's because they're scared of it actually happening.
So this is like,
you have this ultimate power to to just like get upset at someone for virtually
anything.
Pick it,
pick a cause,
whatever it is.
It's also,
it's,
it's sort of intoxicating and it's fun and most people don't have real opinions
on anything.
And then you have this,
this,
you know,
on on Facebook or Twitter or whatever social media platform,
you have an immediate gratification of like,
I just got 20 likes on a thought of mine.
Yeah.
That's addictive as fuck.
A super addictive.
You know that.
That right there will,
you know,
I understand why people continue to come back and nobody really cares.
As soon as you put your computer down at your phone down,
nobody gives a fuck about any of these issues at the supermarket or at the
bowling alley or in the library.
That's not what's important.
What's important is the Internet is essentially the whole world is a big window
and everyone has a rock.
If you would just look at it,
throw rocks,
and if you find a thing to throw a rock about,
whether it's throw a rock about politics or or gender or race or social justice
or you know what,
fill in the blank.
The environment,
the saving,
the animals,
everyone's thrown rocks and you know,
and very few people are a actually communicating.
It's a strange time.
Well you would think that you would want,
in an ideal world,
you would want people that have differing ideas to come together,
sit down,
have an honest conversation.
Yes.
And Go,
awesome dude,
go live your life.
I'll live my life.
I learned a little bit just now and then you go off and you go,
yeah,
that's how you learn from different cultures.
That's how we ultimately got to a place,
you know,
I think I,
I have,
I think it's a great country.
I,
I in a weird way,
I think it's,
I'm proud to be an American.
I,
you know,
I'm proud.
Um,
you know,
I don't think all the things that people think that are awful about this country
or necessarily awful,
um,
you know,
I think the opportunity to make money.
I did grow up on welfare.
I grew up poor and you know,
you know,
I'm,
for all intents and purposes,
I'm living my dream right now and I get to kind of do what I want to do.
Um,
and I look at that and I say yes because I live in a place where that
opportunity is there.
Of course,
look,
America is amazing.
It doesn't mean it's perfect.
No,
it certainly gives you more opportunity than anywhere that I've ever heard of.
And it's a fun place,
man.
I like it here.
Yeah,
fucking country is fun,
but there's definitely some fucked up aspects of it.
The fact that we're a country,
this is the,
the big one is immigration to me because immigration to me,
when people take a hard line one way or the other,
I'm always like,
man,
this is a weird one.
Immigration is a weird one.
You don't want to diminish the quality of life for everyone in the country,
but you don't want to not let people in because that's what the country is based
on.
And we see these fenced in people.
And where is it?
Is it El Paso?
There was a,
something that they had on the news where they showed all these people fenced in
and what looks like a dog Kennel.
And these,
these,
uh,
people that snuck across the border and they captured them.
So they just put them in this fucking outdoor fenced in cage.
Like,
dude,
we don't even do that too violent murderers.
You'd have a violent murderer who's due process due process.
You put them into prison man.
Right?
Like they don't have the facilities to do what they're doing.
Right.
And then people are like,
well,
it shouldn't be coming across the border.
Like,
I guess so,
but wouldn't you?
I'm also like,
who wouldn't you,
who cares?
Like I,
I understand,
yes there
is sort of a,
but anybody who is up in arms about immigrants coming to this country,
most of the time they're also on one side of the political spectrum on every
other issue.
It's not like it's an independent thought.
It's like the,
and everybody that's on both sides,
you know?
And you know,
I just sort of,
I'm in a,
I have my own personal life philosophy where I'm not going to solve the
immigration issue.
And to be honest,
as we're talking about,
I'm going to like,
I don't know.
I,
I have no idea what the answer is here.
People are obsessed with being right.
People always want to have an answer.
I don't fucking know.
But I do know that I have things in my life that,
you know,
I can fix.
I know there are,
you know,
the things about my personality and things about me than my own,
my own issues that I need to fix.
So I'll sort of start there,
you know,
and I think more people need to kind of,
four,
they start espousing opinions,
look at themselves and figure out why they're coming up with these opinions.
Yeah.
Just sort of,
um,
I just pulls on your humanity.
You see a bunch of people caged in with their children and in some fenced in
area that literally looks like a dog Kennel.
Yeah.
This is crazy.
Well,
I'm not saying I don't care about that.
I just,
I,
I don't care about people coming in the country and going in these imaginary
lines.
I,
you know,
it's just sort,
sorta like,
yeah,
I think it's,
um,
I think as a human being,
it's hard to see that.
And I look away from shit like that a lot.
You know,
I don't look,
I don't like looking at videos like that.
I don't like watching sad things.
I don't watch any Gore Shit.
I didn't watch the video of the dude that mowed down those people in New
Zealand.
Um,
you know.
Yeah.
It is a sad thing and I really don't know the solution.
The shit it says.
They treated us like we were animals holding pen from migrant families and El
Paso shut down.
Shut down overnight,
I guess because people found out about it.
It's crazy.
Look at that.
That's,
that's a dog Kennel you means people would just sit around waiting for what?
I mean,
if that was murderers.
So let's say you're the guy in charge though.
What do you do?
What would you,
I mean me,
I wish that's a good question.
I'll go let him in.
But I don't know if that's the right answer.
I don't know if it's the answer to either.
But a guarantee you all of are your relatives came from another country.
My relatives all came from another country or the,
I'm third generation.
They,
they knew that Europe sucked.
They knew the Italy sucked.
And so they're like,
look,
I mean no disrespect Italy,
but they decided I've gotta get the fuck Outta here.
And they got on a boat,
all of them.
Grandparents on both sides.
They both came over here when they were kids.
Does Italy suck?
It seems awesome from everything I've seen about it.
Grateful.
Well,
well
the food is fantastic.
When I talked to a guy there that was trying to get an understanding because he
wanted his kids to go to college in America,
anybody who was basically saying was there was just not enough opportunity in
Italy and that,
uh,
he wanted his son to have more opportunity and she was driving a cab.
Actually,
they all speak two languages.
They all speak perfect English.
A good percentage of them.
Yeah.
There,
you know,
it's a smart place.
The Lot and the art is insane.
When you're,
when you're going through Rome and you through
the Vatican,
you see their billions of dollars,
literally billions of dollars in artwork.
You're like,
Holy Shit.
Like this is what a crazy culture,
this culture,
all they wanted to do was create beautiful architecture,
create beautiful art,
make wine,
make great food,
have sex,
fuck like crazy and kind of take over the world.
I mean,
they took over the world for a long ass time.
I got no problem with that.
Elise.
Sounds like Gary and people,
but she's now,
today there's not much opportunity if you want to drive a cab,
mixed tomato sauce.
Dude,
I was driving with his cab driver with my kids in the car and this guy slowed
down to check out this chick's ass and yelled out the window at her.
They're fucking savages,
Matt.
They are a people.
My ancestors,
I'm allowed to say it.
I ape folk,
I s I used to love cat calling and it's terribly funny way though.
It's not a,
it's wrong.
I will preface this by saying it's wrong,
but and as,
as an adult,
as a 37 year old man who has a six year old boy,
um,
who will probably watch this one day,
I'll say,
don't do that.
Don't do what daddy says.
Do as I say,
not as I do it exactly.
But I will say it was sort of like a funny thing.
We would just,
we just can't call checks in a funny way.
We would do it almost like mocking guys who can't call.
However,
from the girl's perspective,
she's just being cackled.
Yeah.
The girls don't like it unless they really like it.
Well,
it depends.
It could be freaks,
but it's,
it's never worth the risks go one out of 10 may like it.
I had talked about this in my special,
but if you go holler at a fucking Puerto Rican check or black chick,
they want it.
They like it.
I'm making a generalization here from culture,
but I'm telling you right now,
it's how it's a different level of community.
I'm telling you go watch in Harlem or he'd go to Brooklyn,
just loose j Gomez defense cat calling on the GRE.
I,
you guys can see I have,
I have a brand new special that we should go much presents the,
they should go here.
It's how right now it just came out on Amazon.
It's out everywhere.
It's out on Itunes,
iTunes,
guested on that bill.com.
What is it again?
Louis J.
Gomez presents Louis Louis J.
Gomez or you get a Dominican pitcher from Miami.
Louis Gomez Gomez is a completely different thing.
Yeah.
That's a poor fishermen.
Uh,
um,
what we're just talking about,
we smoked too much pot for the show.
It's like,
what's that?
Have you ever had a gay guy?
I try to fuck you.
Yeah.
Are you kidding?
How about a big strong one that could kick your ass?
Like a gay guy that looks like Deontay wilder.
Not that I thought he kicked my ass,
but I understand the point that you're making.
If you had a gay guy that you know could kick your ass,
that's what it's like to be a check.
That's what it's like.
I get,
I go to a high end,
Jim,
high end meaning gay meaning you have to like gay guys.
Equinox.
It's a gay guys love Equinox and I love the gym was actually my last day job.
I worked doing sales there and uh,
I saw the infrastructure of the company and I know they're,
they're very,
you know,
it's about customer service and I really liked that,
right?
Just selling it right now and telling you when I'm selling memberships,
Chi,
so hit me up selling,
but
it's the salesman mode.
I really,
I'm telling,
I'm a salesman through and through,
but I go there now and the steam room,
I mean,
and I,
and I mean this,
I would say one out of eight times out of go on the steam room,
a man will do what it almost like a presenting type thing where he's trying to
fish for me to suck his dick.
You know,
like I guess the,
the,
the famous story was like sort of tapping the foot under the stall,
but it's not that they opened their towel and the kind of like make eye contact
with you,
but they do it in a way where you can't call them on their shit because you
can't be like,
cause then you look like a fucking big homophobic.
Right,
right.
So yeah,
it probably on number you what the gay guys.
Yeah.
Um,
probably,
yeah,
but it happens,
it happens a lot.
I've gotten multiple free months there because I complain about it.
Wow.
That's a good move.
It's like dropping hair and your own food.
Yeah.
I just saw,
this is reminded me of a video.
I just saw this as a pretty,
I don't know if you've seen this video.
What is this like ringing the bell?
It's only took 20 seconds.
Okay.
It says man catches guy looking at her in a bathroom stall.
He's got his video camera.
It's just pointing at the floor right now.
Okay.
Wash on school
jeans.
Cause also lying on his boner.
He's just lying on the floor in that.
That's a guy looking to see people shit.
Yeah.
In the sock.
Some cock
that happened to me at the gym in between the,
the shower stalls,
the guy's face was peeking through.
Oh boy.
Um,
and yeah,
it's a,
and I in a weird way,
because here's the thing,
you can't,
you can't just start beating somebody up for that.
Right.
You can't just say you can't even threaten violence for it.
It's a weird thing and you feel very defenseless.
And I understand it's the first time I truly was like,
oh,
I kind of get what women are talking about because I feel like violated and you
can't really do much.
I've had it happen and I could beat the guy up.
Yeah.
Like,
I haven't had it happen where it was a guy that was not physically a threat to
me and it's still made me super uncomfortable and I felt really weak.
I felt like,
cause you feel like it's also committing a hate crime if you beat this guy up
for being gay.
No,
it wasn't.
It wasn't just how aggressive was he?
Super aggressive.
Like touching me,
putting his hands on my shoulders,
tell him he's going to take me up to his room and I'm like,
you better get your fucking hands off.
Wow.
I was like,
this is getting a,
yeah,
you live a different life.
To me.
I just feel,
I feel like a princess.
I feel like just to put why I feel like the Belle of the ball for one day.
Oh,
it was,
um,
it was disconcerting.
But again,
I wasn't physically vulnerable.
Like I could decide that I just wanted to choke this guy unconscious and I could
just do that.
You could choke most guys unconscious.
This guy was not like,
there was no,
no guessing.
You know what I'm saying?
He was not a specimen.
He was a scrawny dude.
Right.
It was just a Oh,
of an aggressive gay guy.
But it's like you go to prison and you know.
Yeah,
exactly.
That's my point.
If the roles were reversed,
if it was me aggressively coming onto guy,
never worked out
a day in his life,
it would be terrifying.
He would just have to take it.
He'd have to take,
well that's what I,
when I was training for that,
a MMA fight against the comedian.
I trained with Bisping twice and I grappled with as being in business,
not even known for his Jujitsu.
Of course he is.
He,
no,
he's got very Scott Brown belt.
I know his guard.
He's defensive guards.
One of the bests in MMA.
Very rarely do people pass his guard when he's on the ground.
He's,
he's excellent.
But primarily he,
you know,
he's known as a striker primarily.
Primarily don't,
I can't explain to you.
It was like,
I felt like Elian was just toying with me and it was,
it was a strange thing because I had never in my life.
Cause you obviously,
you know an MMA fighter can beat you up.
You know,
like professional,
mixed martial arts can beat you up.
But I don't think people realize how badly and how big of the gap it is.
Cause it's not,
it's,
but they don't know Joe,
you know,
people have no fucking clue until you do it.
And I had no idea until this last summer and I just,
and he was fucking around with me for a second.
Yeah.
It was terrifying.
And I feel like less of a man,
I can't look at my son in the eyes the same way that I used to be able to.
I don't fuck right.
You know what anymore?
Like,
oh come on,
you'll be alright.
You know what it's like.
It's like,
um,
do you know how people see someone to stand up and they think I can fucking do
that.
Everyone.
That's how we got started.
Right.
Cause you're just talking,
you guys just talking.
That's what fighting is like.
It's like you look at a guy like Bisping and you know,
he's like a normal guy.
I mean,
he's obviously very athletic and he's big and everything like that,
but he's not Shaquille O'Neal.
He's not like some seven foot something specimen.
He's a regular sized human.
So you're like,
well,
he's moving like a regular human.
I could do that,
but you have no idea.
It is beyond helpless.
You have no idea.
Literally no idea.
He grabbed a hold of you.
You are,
you're a dead person.
Almost anybody in the UFC,
any,
any person,
the average person,
if even if you're training,
it doesn't matter.
They can take you this level of do what they want to do.
There's intellectual levels,
like I always feel like that whenever I talk to people that are really smart,
like I'm going to have a Sean Carroll or Neil degrasse Tyson or someone on the
podcast,
you talked to him.
He just like,
God damn,
I'm fucking stupid.
You know,
there's just,
there's levels to this.
There's levels to this understanding of life that's like,
but that's with everything with standup,
but artwork with,
with someone choking the life out of you got says day,
man.
I been doing Jujitsu since 1996 if I roll with certain people,
I just,
it's a matter of when I'm going to get strangled.
They don't even have to be bigger than me.
It'd be smaller than me.
It's when am I going to tap?
When's it coming?
I had a friend of mine who's like a really athletic dude who I get heat.
He signed a bit of friends,
a friend of a friend,
but he trains out of a,
he's like a trainer out of a,
a Gracie school in Florida.
They're going to be one time he,
he got to roll with hoists Gracie and I just have no,
I was like,
I was,
what was it like?
Was it like,
was he like that much better than,
because it got us a high level black belt.
Like he's like,
dude,
he was like,
we were talking about levels.
He was like,
he was toying with me like I had never done it before.
And that's how I,
that's how good.
Um,
those
guys are.
The hoist doesn't,
you know,
at this point when you compare it compare to these athletic guys.
And I made it day,
we saw it with Matt Hughes,
you know,
he couldn't compete anymore.
Um,
once people sort of knew the tricks.
But um,
yeah,
I mean that it's a very humbling,
the whole experience.
Even crazier.
Hixon hoist,
his brother hoist will tell you he's 10 times better than him.
Yeah.
Hixon would do to hoists would hoist would do to other black belt.
What was in that sort of the,
the story was they could have had hex him,
but he was too athletic and s you know,
a bunch of issues and I would not want to say exactly what happened for fear of
upsetting either side.
Cause I think there's two different stories.
Okay.
But,
uh,
he was essentially the champion of the family and one of the thoughts was that
it would be a more impressive if hoist did it because Hawaii's was only 175
pounds with his shirt off him.
He looked like he was fit but look like a volleyball player or something.
Right.
Whereas Hicks,
like Freddie Mercury,
Hickson was shredded kicks.
Him was like really in a physical training.
He did a lot of gymnastics and yoga.
He was unachievable.
He athletic.
Yeah.
But he was also like way physically stronger.
It would appear more that he was just dominating something like a cat would jump
on.
So it wasn't as good of an advertisement for,
it wasn't necessarily true though because it was also taught that no one can
control Hicks and it didn't want Hixon to win because Hixon is uh,
he's like,
oh,
a free spirit.
Like in the greatest sense of the word.
Like legitimately he might throw his phone in the ocean to disappear for a month
and just fucking surf and do Jujitsu somewhere.
Oh,
he's,
he's a freak in the best sense of the word.
That's awesome.
So I don't think they ever thought they could control Hixon that was part of the
problem with having Hicks and be the champion.
Hixon would probably freeze up the whole organization.
I want $10 million while they were fight again.
Right.
Like they were offering him fights for years and he had some crazy number that
he wanted and he was like,
if you give me that number,
I'll fight fade door.
If you give me that number,
I'll fight the best fighters.
Oh yeah.
This is after,
after the UFC,
right?
Yes.
What after the UFC started,
but everybody's still knew.
See when hoists was winning,
everyone's still knew.
Hickson was competing in something called Japan valley too though.
When he won that,
you got to see that super high level Jujitsu pride.
One was Hixon,
um,
and uh,
Hickson was the guy that everybody knew that if something happened and then
hoist was out of the UFC or there was no other,
uh,
Gracie's in the UFC,
Hixon is always there to step in and we were always wondering when is he going
to step down?
When's he going to fight?
The best guys never did.
No,
he fought.
He fought Funai who was a really high level guy that was his last fight and he
strangled them,
uh,
put them to sleep.
It's crazy image man of him.
Rear naked,
choke finicky and for Nazi's eyes roll in the back of his head and he goes
unconscious and Hickson just throws him off as he stands up.
He was a savage.
Awesome.
I love it.
I got into it and I was younger.
I'm too fat and old now.
[inaudible] he just started nonsense.
How old are you?
I just turned 37 yesterday.
Ordained.
Didn't start doing Jujitsu.
Tilly was 58.
Yeah,
around that shit.
There's a,
what's his name?
Al Bondi,
right.
He started late in life.
He did.
Um,
I don't think he was the Hicks and Gracie student,
I believe.
I believe he's hoists.
I think he was from Torrance.
So he was,
um,
that was,
uh,
like,
that's like Henna and he,
Ron.
Yeah.
Yeah,
you're right.
I could,
and I'm just coming up with an excuse for being a phony.
Totally do it.
I mean,
if you trained for a,
a martial arts fight,
you could train for Judaism.
It's a fun thing to learn too,
but that's where I got injured the most was doing Jujitsu.
You fuck up your shoulders.
That which side?
My shoulder was dislocated six weeks before the fight.
My hand was broken.
Both of my ribs to this day,
they're just popping out like it just little blurbs,
which tour,
poking out in different directions and it hurts continuously tear.
And then the red bull will heal up,
like sticking out a little bit.
And it was all doing,
it was all rolling Jujitsu with guys who were just trying to kick your ass and
you just have,
I know I should,
I learn,
talked about,
you talked about that you've gotta be real careful with who you trained with
because uh,
someone was really good,
can train with you and you don't get hurt.
You know,
like if I roll with John Jacques Machado,
like I never get hurt.
He never win,
but I never been hurt.
You know,
it's uh,
you,
he's always in control like you're in and everything is like if you roll with a
black belt,
it's actually safer then Roland with like a really strong blue belt or a purple
belt cause they're just trying to kill you.
They just want those,
they want those tap points.
Maybe be able to get you,
especially if you're Louis J.
Gomez from a legion of skanks course and they know bragging rights because one
boy fucking get that arm triangle and squeeze the shit out of you.
Yeah,
tap had a fucking wrestler.
Big Dick had wrestler was just like,
here's a golf show at a rustle.
A little dude.
He just grabbed me.
Oh No,
no,
I'm sorry.
He didn't grab me.
This is,
this is what a pussy I am.
This is what,
how tough this fucking guy was.
Huge guy.
Written just nasty,
gnarled up ears.
Course college wrestler,
but a big,
big boy,
like heavy did I try to take it?
He was showing me how to like pop up and take somebody down.
That's what I'm trying to drill with him.
We were drilling good and every time I would do it he would just not let me do
it and just fucking flop me on my ass.
And one time I tried to do it and when I went to go take him down,
he jerked me in the other direction and my shoulder literally just popped out
altogether all the way out.
It was crazy.
I was like,
there's no way.
Yeah,
it was.
It was nuts.
Um,
you know,
and everything hurt going into it and a Bisping,
he basically was like,
dude,
you were his wrapping my hands in the back and my hand was throbbing.
It was broken.
It was just throbbing.
And I was just over and over again re wrapping the house to do it.
It's not right.
You've got to rewrap it a new way.
And he was like,
man,
shut the fuck up.
He's like,
you're not gonna feel anything.
As soon as you walk out there,
you're going to feel anything and adrenaline is going to kick in.
And that's that.
And uh,
you're doing wrestling drills.
That's when a lot of guys get really injured and you've got to make sure you're
doing them with people that understand it as a drill and understand where your
levels at.
That's what's going on with a guy like that.
He's just flexing on.
Yeah.
He's just beating on you,
of course,
because he's probably done it a million times.
He's done those drills probably a million times,
but you've done them zero times.
It's crazy.
It's crazy that he would do that and go hard with you.
The wrestling sucks dick on so many levels.
I tried to join the wrestling team cause I was a pro wrestling fan when I was a
kid was like,
I don't know,
wrestle,
wrestle.
First of all I saw was saying let,
I was like that's not happening and my little fucking Dick and flabby acid,
a singlet.
It's like you have to have a big Dick at a nice but in order to fucking were
saying like,
sorry there's another
quote that's a meme right there.
You have to have a big Dick and a nice butt towards,
it's the truth.
What do you want me to say?
Crazy?
I'm in the ninth grade.
I'm like I'm waiting for my dick to grow in still.
Okay.
I'm not doing this for another couple of years.
So I joined for like a day and in my high school we had a pool and it was like a
heated pool for the swim team.
I went to a pretty nice high school actually.
And there was a,
they would make us run around the pool but like for like four miles before
wrestling practice,
before,
before wrestling path thread that was three miles total,
whatever it was.
And it was like a sauna.
So you were doing like a hot,
warm up in a hot pool and then you would start training and yeah,
two days later I was like,
fuck this dude.
They beat your ass from wrestling.
But that's what makes people so tough.
That's why wrestlers are like mentally some of the toughest people alive.
Yeah.
They're so used to that grind.
They can,
they,
they uh,
they also take pleasure in suffering like no other sport.
Like they enjoy it.
They enjoy not being premadonna.
It's like all the best wrestlers.
If you,
you go back and you look at like the history of amateur wrestling,
they're all known as being like hard,
hard man.
Like Dan Gable.
Dan Gable was a hard man.
Yeah.
You know that mother fucker just trained his body into the ground.
I think he's got two hip replacements,
two knee replacements.
Does that mean he just just keep going,
destroyed.
He was an animal and he was just a,
just was just unstoppable wrestler in its prime.
Yeah.
But that was part of it.
It was that,
that mental strength that those guys have.
A lot of those guys don't jump into it later though.
It's also,
as we're talking about beating,
you're turning them into pieces of shit because the other side of it as well
where you have like it's,
it's in their family,
it's their dad.
They're doing it since they were four,
since they can sure crawl,
they can,
they're practicing takedowns and that side of it,
if you're,
you know,
in those formative years,
if that's built into you,
that toughness,
et Cetera,
sort of cake walk.
I,
I didn't have any,
I mean I,
I did,
I did just for fun baseball and I wasn't even good at it.
Like I could barely hit it or like what's the tea was tea ball.
I could barely hit the ball.
I was so on athletic and my mom,
there was no part of her that wanted to continue to push me to do those things.
So if I said I didn't want to go to,
to just for fun,
she was,
she was like,
all right,
fuck it,
I'm going to take you.
That was sort of,
you know,
right.
Um,
which I think is,
you know,
a problem,
but that,
that I think it's really tough.
That's why you guys,
you see guys like George St Pierre who never did high school wrestling or a
college wrestling and then jumps into it after the fact and it's like a feeling,
oh man,
it makes sense if you know who George is,
it makes sense.
The reason why it makes sense.
There's two reasons.
First of all,
he
was very athletic and he already had this leaping inability from karate.
So he had this karate blitz ability when you're diving in,
like for a punch or a like a straight blast or something like that,
that's very similar to diving in for a takedown in terms of your ability to
spring forward.
So George already had that with leaping into ponch are leaping into Kik.
So we already had this ability to spring.
Then on top of that,
Georgia's super intelligent and he listens.
He has zero ego like I've seen him be coached before.
I seen him like do Jujitsu would like Donna her or like really elite high level
guys and there's a lot of these videos of it online.
He's very coachable.
He listens to everything is no ego.
He's not trying to do it a different way,
is trying to listen to you a hundred percent guys like that there it's a shorter
path to understanding the technique and to proficiency because they,
they listen.
Some people don't all,
they don't listen all the way.
They listen a little bit but then they want to try it their way.
Like even when they're training and sparring,
you'll say,
listen,
listen for this round.
I just want you to just try it this way.
Just do this one thing and they'll try it for a couple of seconds in.
They'll give up and go back to the old style and you're like,
what happened?
Like I didn't feel comfortable.
Like that's the point.
Like this is how you get better.
Georges is the opposite.
He listens really coachable.
I guess just he just understands the technique is everything.
It's everything.
And if you understand,
if you,
you could learn like two or three techniques and have,
uh,
like a real high level proficiency,
if you just continue to drill them and understand the counters,
like it's not,
he's not like doing a lot of like crazy shit inside the octagon when it comes to
wrestling and not like a Ben Aspirin type style,
but what he is doing as a power double,
he's got awesome singles on both sides.
He knows how to take people down.
He knows how to stuff takedowns yeah,
just those things alone.
That's all he needed to impose his MMA game.
Yeah.
Georgia,
I mean,
to this day,
one of my favorite fighters.
Um,
you know,
uh,
but yeah,
he was sort of,
he always like stood out as the guy that like,
um,
yeah,
I mean,
just didn't,
you know,
guy wrestled better than everybody without,
having to do that earlier and then got,
you know,
guys like Ben Aspirin who he's a fucking monster.
I,
he's also hilarious dude.
I think Ben aspirins.
Sorry.
So funny.
He's,
he's such a troll.
I love,
I love a guy who just doesn't shy away from it.
Yeah.
Um,
trolls.
His boss trolls still continues to this day.
It just makes a game out of it.
It's hilarious.
Yeah.
He's a funny dude.
Um,
what also what George Saint Pierre has is a extreme physical ability.
Like you could do back flips.
He does a lot of fucking gymnastic stuff.
He,
he's just,
his Hickey has excellent command over his body.
You would see him like doing like those like gymnastic training things where
he's like doing like super crazy like,
you know,
core strength balance beam type shit.
And I made at that point once,
you know,
you ever can still really guys doing that?
No other guys in the sport are sort of looking to,
it's another level of cross training and getting your body prepared for like
something that it's not really prepared for exactly.
And yourself out of your comfort zone.
That's,
that's um,
know one of the,
I just,
I really wish I would've when I was a kid,
I wish I would have done more sports.
I wish I would've had.
What did you play sports when you were a kid?
Nothing like a baseball player,
Joe.
I did play baseball.
I actually quit doing everything else but martial arts because of baseball and
went to see a red sox game at Fenway Park.
And when,
uh,
me and my buddy were coming home,
there was like crazy crowds of people trying to get on the t,
which is the train to get home.
So,
um,
we just for while we were walking by this taekwondo gym,
I walked upstairs,
I want to see what it was all about.
And as I was walking up the stairs,
there's this guy named John Lee who was a national champion at the time and one
of the best black belts this God shake him ever produced.
And he was murdering this heavy bag.
I mean murdering.
Yeah.
He was hitting it with these spinning back kicks that was making this sound like
oop.
And then you hit cheek with the chains would would snap because uh,
I mean,
just extend to their full length because he was kicking this bag and it was
flying through the air.
And so I'd never seen anything and that was as close to him doing that as Jamie
is to me right now.
Cause there was like a little wall and there was a heavy bag there and the way
Mr. Kim and Mr O'malley,
Michael O'malley,
who was also the head instructor where Mr. Kim was gone,
they set up the bags right there cause they knew that if people are coming in
and thinking about signing up and we've got like John Lee's kicking the bag,
you're like I want to do that.
How the fuck do you do that?
Are you athletic?
Can All cook where you wrestled?
I wrestled,
I did.
Um,
I've wrestled also while I was doing taekwondo for one year.
It was too much to do too at the same time.
But I did a,
I played baseball but I wasn't very good.
I just liked,
I never ever tried to get on base.
I always tried to hit home runs.
The coach said just hit a strangle or straddle strangle.
We really need this by gay.
Fuck you there and swing for the bleach.
I think give a fuck man.
Either struck out on the finger,
Bang,
a chick at the pep rally.
I hit one home run once and that was it.
I was like,
oh,
I can do that.
Like I didn't know I could do that because as a little kid I could swing pretty
hard and you know the their light bats and the kids aren't throwing very fast
and what else is 13 too,
you know?
And but from going to that one taekwondo gym,
watching that one guy,
he became like a mentor to me and a lot of ways.
And you went back to that Jim specifically.
That was the 100% I was like,
I never saw anything like that.
I had done a little bit of martial arts by then.
I did a little bit of karate,
but not much.
But I never saw anybody kick it back.
The CRI school that I went to,
they didn't emphasize that,
which it's a very,
very important part of developing power.
You have to be able to kick a bag.
I don't think I,
there was any bags in the taekwondo school that I went to town.
I was out that it's,
it's a foolish mistake that a lot of gyms make.
They emphasize speed and uh,
like kicking pads,
overpower,
you have to have the power.
We're just break some ice.
Got to get a bag.
You got to hit a bet because the bag resists,
if it's a hundred pounds,
you got to realize that you're not just hitting this thing.
You're also pushing a hundred pounds with your foot.
You're pushing a hundred pounds of your foot.
So if you're standing in front of a hundred pound bag,
well but you're not just hitting it hard.
You're moving a hundred pounds with your hips and your legs and your apps and
your core,
that's,
that's yes,
you're actually getting a real,
it's a Plyo.
There's actual physical resistance in terms of weight and that's how you get
stronger.
It's the only way,
the only way you really develop like destruction,
power,
like you know that some people
can you do that though because that's the whole thing where I look cause I was
researching like how do you,
how do you hit harder
or you can hit harder.
You can't hit as hard as some people.
Do you think a guy can teach inside of have knockout power?
No.
You either have it or you don't.
I think you can increase someone's power and most people can knock people out.
Most people,
if you taught them where to hit someone and they hit someone clean,
they could hurt someone.
Especially most men who actually know how to punch a little bit.
Yeah.
But there's a big difference between that kind of punching power and say like a
Tommy Hearns and his prime punching power or a,
you know,
a Lennox Lewis straight right hand like this.
You don't,
you don't have that man.
No.
You either have that or you don't have that.
And some people just say,
I saw guys that were like fucking 15 they had that.
It was crazy.
He'd watch guys that like at a young age,
they would hit a pad or hit a bag and he'd be like,
fuck,
this is crazy.
Like how you have so much power and you don't know why.
You don't know the strategy.
They can be any,
well,
actually we add that story,
but I was saying when we do that promotion in the street in New York City,
where if the headgear on gloves,
uh,
a little Mexican kid comes up,
doggies,
oh,
this guy was 123 pounds soaking wet.
Little Mexican kid comes up and I'm like,
I'm,
I'm my size.
You know,
I'm 20 at the time,
maybe 21 or whatever.
But I'm just like,
you know,
by the way,
I had never thrown a punch in my life.
Now that I actually watch fighting and they're standing a little bit as a fan,
like I,
I didn't have to stand,
I had no idea.
Did this Mexican kid,
he came up,
he just faked a body shot and hit me with a hook.
And I remember it,
it felt like,
because there was no adrenaline,
it was a game for me.
It wasn't like,
you know,
it felt like my head was shook.
It felt like my entire,
I'd never been hit saw it.
To this day,
I've never been hit so hard in my entire life.
Dude,
I took a knee.
I literally took a knee and that's all I remember.
I don't even know what happened after that.
That kid just went off being awesome and,
and then I remember thinking,
cause I always look,
I want a box,
I want to get into boxing.
That'll be fun.
And that was the moment I was like,
I'm not going to box them too big the way that could hurt me the way that felt.
No fucking way.
No Way.
If our 230 pound guy where to hit me,
like especially if you went to the wrong
Jim and they had you sparring right away,
which a lot of gyms do,
they'll throw guides to the wolves just to see if they're worth keeping around.
Well they'll try you like out of the street,
they'll show you a few punches,
have you hit the pads a little bit,
tell you to keep your hands up then the heavy bar.
I've seen it happen man.
Sure.
No,
just to let you know.
And sometimes you know that you'll be sparring with a pro so they won't hurt
you.
They're just pop you a little bit pop pop to the body pop.
Just try and get some work in,
you know,
just looking for an easy target.
So I do with my girlfriend when we box,
just fucking boss.
Just touch,
just to let her know,
let her know,
hey know it could be worse.
Boxing is the,
the problem with it as a casual thing though is the punches that don't even hurt
you.
They're just raw.
Rattle your head a little.
Those all count,
all those count.
And those are probably sometimes worse.
Yeah,
because there's so many of them.
You don't even notice.
Like if you get hit with one big shot,
you'll stop.
Like your,
your head gets rattled,
you had a headache,
you sit down,
you're like,
oh fuck.
But you'll stop.
If you get hit a few times,
you treat it like it's nothing.
He did this get popped a few times.
You're in the air,
hit 30 seconds later,
you got a bloody nose,
you're lips tweeting a little.
Now I got something over your eye.
You don't think about it,
but you got hit in the head 30 times.
Yeah.
He never got dropped.
So you're like,
I'm fine.
I didn't take any damage.
But you did.
You just don't,
you don't think of that as damaged and now they're understanding that that is as
much of what you're seeing from CTE.
Is that sub concussive trauma?
Probably more so because it's so frequent now.
Over and over again.
Yeah,
man.
Everything man.
Dr. Mark Gordon said fucking jet skis.
He said the bang of jets
skis Hanae when you're humping.
Wait.
He's like,
that's terrible for your fucking head.
Like,
how about Angus young from AC DC?
I'd like to do with it.
I keep banging his head and he'll get his leg out
MRI to see like how maybe is the fibers of his brain a strengthened from a
hundred years ahead.
Maybe.
I used to go to like metal concerts and go to mosh pits.
I was like a big metal head when I was a kid and uh,
yeah,
we were just fucking,
you get brain damage.
He's go in there and sort of swing your hands,
get punched gift and you're,
you're right.
You don't think about the amount of light just headbanging.
Yeah,
just banging your head over and over again.
Your brain is just smacking into the front of your fucking face over and over
and over again.
Gimme some lazy DC.
Jamie red eyes had begun.
Angus would on stage play and Headbang at the same time.
Yeah,
like try rubbing the top of your head and your stomach at the same time.
You know how you do that now?
Imagine patting your head and imagine.
Now imagine trying to play guitar and Headbang at the same time and then catch
all the tunes.
Fuck,
I was in a band when I was in high school too.
I played drums.
That was a,
okay.
Yeah,
we all,
I think we all want it to be,
we all want to be rock.
So I was,
did you want to be a rock star when your kid or nope.
Nope.
No Way.
No.
No music.
Nope.
No,
no musical talent whatsoever.
I look at these,
all these group,
he chicks from the 70s hilarious.
Look at them.
So why did he hear any means to stories about like even when we're talking
Molly,
Chris,
I'm going to go,
wow,
how are we not hearing like crazy me too?
Stories about shit with like rock bands
in the eighties and seventies I think is everybody knew what they were getting
into.
I think they knew they were getting into a lot of the times now,
but it's just,
you think that at least somebody would want to come out and go like,
oh,
just so you know,
uh,
guns and roses ran a train on me in 1987 just Fyi and I was really intoxicated.
Maybe it's a different time.
Like those ladies had a different approach to things.
Oh look,
I,
they were there for the memory.
I think the reality is most people,
they sort of go like,
all right,
well I'm respond.
I am responsible for my actions.
That's where most people,
I don't think most people actually have a victim mentality when they look at
stupid shit that they've done in their youth.
I think most people go like,
yeah,
I was a fucking idiot.
I shouldn't have done that.
So a lot of shit I shouldn't have done.
There's both things,
right?
There's some people don't have a victim mentality and then there's also some
people just became victims back then and they just didn't have a a way to
express it like they do now.
Yeah.
Is a different,
like it was a completely different world 2030 years ago.
How would you even start to get the message out that you were Mitsu too in 1981
yeah.
I'm going to write a letter to a publisher.
What would you do if you got,
if someone is sexually assaulted you in 1981 what would you do?
I mean go to the cops.
Yeah.
You'd have to try to call a newspaper.
Maybe they would,
you know,
if the guy was a rich guy turned his lawyers on you.
Yeah.
Different world.
It's all,
it's,
I mean,
I'm a of the Steven pinker view of a progress that I think that although the
world is not perfect,
I think it's just way better than it sounds.
Way Better.
Yeah.
It feels worse because we have the Internet and your,
would you have access at your fingertips to the most vile shit?
It's constant.
Seems like people are more racist because before you used to have to write the n
word on a bathroom stall.
That was the only way to say,
Hey,
credit group.
Yeah,
yeah.
Whatever it is.
And there's a,
you can sort of get that instant reaction.
You had to go back the next day and there's another guy that drew an arrow to
that and was like,
yeah,
but what about the Jews?
And then it kept on going down,
but now you sort of have that instantly at your fingertips.
So it feels like,
oh my God,
the world's crumbling.
Everyone's race has everyone sexist.
But everyone's got an opinion online and once you get off there,
you know,
we all coexist.
We all,
we all work together.
We're all doing shit,
you know?
Yeah,
we certainly can.
Yeah.
I mean people,
there's a lot of this nonsense like energy on a,
on social media.
We're two people just arguing about things all day long and people all day long
and that shit is so bad for your head to engage in that all day.
Yeah,
it feels way better to not engage and it feels way,
but every time I travel,
anytime,
if you see me on Twitter talking shit back and forth,
I'm on an airplane,
the board and I just,
I did it yesterday.
I won't even name the guy that's a blogger.
He didn't even watch my special.
This cocksucker just took shots at me because he doesn't like me.
And I was just just engaging back and forth over and over again.
And uh,
it's because I'm bored.
Did you feel gross though?
After it was over now,
cause I just deleted it.
I was like,
all right,
I'm done.
Like I said what I had to say.
Um,
but I also,
I don't know,
like I,
there's part of me as well,
like I've gotten,
you know,
you get so much shit eventually you sort of get desensitized to it so that you
don't really,
I mean you're,
you know,
you're fucking famous.
You get critics like real critics.
I mean your,
your,
your specialist been reviewed by real people.
I'm sure some people didn't like it.
I'm sure you've had to have a bad fucking critic out there,
but at this point you're like,
ah,
who gives a fuck?
I just think overall in general it's better to be who gives a fuck.
Cause I think there's,
there's criticism that's valid that you understand.
Like you,
you should be able to know whether you fucked up or whether something was good
or not.
You should be able to look at it and go,
oh,
that wasn't my best work and be honest about that.
Um,
but then once you are honest about that and you,
you do your best work,
like either you like it or you don't.
The idea that everyone's going to like it,
it's crazy because people just don't like the same things that you didn't ride.
He likes what you're doing.
It fucking stinks.
There's someone out there listening to Fleetwood Mac 24,
seven.
Okay.
They never heard a fucking Tupac Song.
There's no biggie in their car.
They never listen to Nas.
It is fucking Tusk all day long every day.
That's okay.
That's okay too,
man.
You know if you're really into Fleetwood Mac and someone tries playing,
you know some led Zepplin and you're not into it and you get angry,
okay,
that's not your fault.
It's just like that's not what you're into.
If if someone comes to see you and they go,
oh,
this guy's just not for me,
but then some 25 year old guys like Bob,
I love it.
Well he's not wrong.
No,
everybody has a different opinions.
Right?
Actually,
Joe,
that guy gets it,
gets it.
He gets you.
If you go,
well,
if you go to a comedy club in general and if you vocalize that you do not enjoy
the show in any way,
I could sort of look cause she was an asshole.
I just don't
need to do that because you,
you can have an opinion.
There's nothing wrong with having an opinion,
but for you to say that your opinion is more important than the whole show is
crazy.
Yes,
because that's what you're doing.
You're either doing one of two things.
Either your ego is so inflated,
you think you're going to correct this person and you're going to stop their
jokes in its tracks and they're going to realize the error of their ways and
it's gonna make them a better person.
And you're going to also educate this entire crowd.
It's been laughing at this awful stuff that's a full hardy way of looking at
not gonna happen.
Also,
if you know that the way comedy works,
you realize you just pissed off the comic cause now he's going to fuck,
dude,
I'm working on this bill.
I'm trying now I have a new way of wording this tonight and now I want to do it
a certain way and you just went and fucked that up.
You asshole.
And maybe maybe I'm going to get there.
Maybe I'm going to get to a place where you actually enjoy the joke you
dickhead,
but you've ruined it now.
Well,
the thing is people see every time on stage they see you as this is a finished
product you're presenting.
What they don't understand is,
and I'm hoping people get it more now than they ever did before,
but this,
some people still don't get it.
It's a year.
The way we work stuff out is by trying it on stage and sometimes we take chances
and sometimes over again,
and sometimes those chances come out terrible.
And it's not that we're a bad person,
we're trying to figure out the right combination of things and sometimes you try
to do it in the moment.
Best Shit that everybody really likes,
where people who are taking risks,
there's very,
all of the greats you're talking about everyone that when people are about their
top 10 lists of Comedians,
these are people who took some chances is takers 100% you didn't have a cell
phone to watch what they were doing in the club.
And the night that the joke bombed,
you know where you know whoever's talking about,
you know,
which apart talking about smoking crack,
he had nights where that joke bombed and nobody's laughing and there's somebody
that went,
you know what?
My Dad's addicted to crack.
That really bothers me.
But nobody,
it just was a different time.
So nobody had the outlet to sort of express that.
Um,
I think that,
yeah,
I mean they're Patrice O'Neal who,
I mean,
in my opinion,
greatest comedian to ever live.
Um,
uh,
also a Boston guy.
Um,
and he,
you know,
he talked about it,
um,
when I think he was defending his either Kramer or a radio guys dominant don
imus soon defendants the nappy headed hoes common app.
And he was just talking about how,
you know,
it's a joke and jokes whether they're good or bad,
they all come from the same place as this idea.
And I'm like,
well,
I wanna I wanna this is something funny and I'm going to go turn it into
something that's going to hopefully make people laugh.
The end result is a very much a net positive room of people laughing.
Right?
And sometimes you take that chance and it bombs and it hits people the wrong way
and you're like,
oh,
I fucked up.
I said it wrong.
I didn't do it right.
But it's wrong.
It's not,
the wrong isn't the right word.
Well,
the problem is we're trying it out with the people you need the audience to help
you create the best that they're in the process.
They don't think of them.
So you don't understand it more.
Well,
they don't understand it.
And so like,
I mean you don't have to laugh.
Like I know it's not funny if it comes out wrong,
but if you,
if you get mad at someone for something that's not done yet or in la,
but there's,
you know,
there are points in time where someone can say something.
It's so egregiously incorrect that at the very least you want to leave the room.
I get that.
I mean I've seen it.
I've seen people say things on stage.
They'll be hard to get you to leave a room for anything.
There's no,
there's not many subjects.
I thought it was stupid.
If it was insulting to my intelligence,
if I was frustrated listening to this idiot talk onstage,
I would leave the room.
Yeah.
Nothing wrong with leaving the room.
But there's a big difference between leaving the room and yelling out,
hey man,
what you're saying is not funny.
This is not funny.
I don't care.
What the hell are these fucking people are laughing and shit's not funny.
You should stop talking about it.
Like that's nonsense.
That's nonsense.
Like you're not a fucking court where someone's reading affidavit stupid.
This is someone trying to make funny out of life.
Yeah,
it either works or it doesn't,
and if it doesn't,
that's okay.
I'll figure it out.
Or I won't figure it out.
Be The way.
This is just
the process.
You yelling out something,
you know,
throwing up your flag of virtue in front of everyone.
It's just preposterous.
It's like you don't,
you don't get to do that at a comedy club,
men's right,
or they kick you out.
It's just a stupid,
it's a stupid way to handle it.
And then when guys are like,
I'm helping the show,
oh my God,
that is the ultimate stupid.
No,
just because everyone's laughing now because I'm roasting you doesn't mean
you're helping the show.
Stupid.
It's a God damn.
Usually I,
I'll just have the audience turn on that person.
The only one.
Just point out to the fact that that's,
that's a secret sauce.
You'll see comics do this.
They'll go like,
look,
I don't even care dude.
You're making these people,
you're making them mad.
They're wasting their money.
So and then the audience bicycle.
Yeah,
yeah.
Fuck this guy.
Well some people think that they could do comedy and so that's why they do it.
You said it before,
it's like we make it look easy.
If you're a good comic,
you're making it look like it's off the cuff it,
you're rolling with the punches.
Just talking.
You're just talking up there.
And then some other guy who maybe is very funny might be the funniest of his
friends.
Right?
Which to be honest with you,
that's all you need to start doing comedy.
He should maybe go sign up for an open mic.
More power to him.
Exactly.
But he goes,
Oh shit,
this is easy.
He sees everyone laughing.
You Go,
I remember when I was in high school,
I would make everyone laugh.
That was an awesome feeling.
And then they take that shot and once in a while it works in their favor and
you'll look like a real asshole and you're right.
That happened where somebody says something hilarious and you're like,
fuck dude,
you gotta be laughing at it.
You Go,
yeah,
but then then the problem is it encourages more people and then people get drunk
and then as the night goes on like some,
there's always some dummy.
He's been holding onto this idea.
He's going to heckle you about something.
He's got it in his head for like 10 minutes and finally blood blurts it out.
You're like what?
You were holding onto that for all that time?
Yeah,
it's fucking,
it's a hard thing to do to make it,
to make a group of people after the exact same time that are expecting the
laugh.
That is a very specifically,
it's also a weird thing.
I feel like an alien saw us doing comedy.
They just fucking blow up the comedy club.
Like this is crazy.
This is like the,
I don't know what it is.
It would stop us from killing all the fish first.
The first thing they do though,
hey,
how many fish you guys going to eat?
There's no fish left,
dude.
We keep going.
I joke around about this all the time because it kind of,
it's one of the things that freaked me out more than anything about what people
do on the planet.
Suck fish.
Ocean did.
I've watched countless hours of commercial fishing nets pulling gigantic halls
of fish into their boats.
And you're like,
how many,
how,
how many souls?
How many souls are in that fucking net a fish fan now I don't think humans have
souls.
So fish don't even take care of their babies man.
Like one,
one or two fish too.
Some of them hold their babies in their mouth,
but fish,
they,
they just shit out.
Some eggs,
male comes over jizzum the eggs.
It's like they have such a minimal connection cause they know their time is
short.
How,
what's likely they're not going to survive.
What's the life span of a fish if they make it?
It's a good question that I'm sure it varies.
Sharks,
sharks,
sharks and whales a long time.
Um,
let's say a grouper,
that's a giant ass fish.
How old is an old group or I want to say 30.
That old you made it look to you and to start with like ocean fish?
No,
let's go with Groupon.
Cause groupers a gigantic ocean fish.
They go get hundred days or 30 years.
There's such a differentiation.
What the answer could be.
It's definitely years,
30 years,
30 Ooh,
feel fill Rogan.
Holy Shit.
Total guests.
Total gas.
Yeah,
that makes sense though.
Like a deer,
a deer lives.
Like if everything goes perfect,
a deer live like 15 years and then they get jacked by something usually to Joe
Rogan.
Now giant turtles have like almost,
yeah,
they're all muscle model.
Yeah.
They don't even know how old those fuckers are.
They could be a thousand years old.
Right?
Isn't it the case?
Really?
Something crazy like that.
Yeah.
I think a giant turtle can live.
We should probably go with that.
I've tried to look by before.
I don't think that,
I don't know how,
you know like fucking kill it to test.
You used to do on boats,
man.
They used to to fill the hall like the bottom of the boat with turtles,
they take the turtles in the flip them on their back because they'll live down
there for months on their back because they don't really have to eat all the
time.
And that's how they would use,
they use him for food.
So they would have all these turtles,
live turtles and they were still alive so they weren't riding what?
They couldn't do Jack Shit cause they were on their backs and so they would go
down there and pick them up,
take a turtle and bring it upstairs and cook it.
Have you ever had turtle soup?
Yeah.
Good.
I think I have sent,
I said that why?
When I was saying that I'm like are you lying?
I think I have.
I think I had it once a long time ago.
I can't remember.
I didn't have,
I was going to have it.
I was in Florida at one of these like frog legs.
Yeah.
It's like a place that it's like the best you want to have smell good or yeah.
And it,
yeah,
it's like alligator meat and like I tried alligator me at tried frog legs.
I don't,
I don't eat exotic shit.
I've only tried alligator meat at like one of those Tgi Friday type joints.
You know,
one of those like chain type and it was like deep fried batter fried and it
wasn't medically chicken chili chicken.
But apparently when they get it fresh,
like if they shoot an alligator and then they take like the backstraps off of it
and they cook it correctly,
it's delicious apparently.
But it's one of those things that like when you get it at a restaurant,
unless it's like a legit restaurant,
like they're probably serve and you some frozen noncitizen alligator.
Fuck that.
And how did,
how did they take care of it before they froze?
It mean?
Do you ever see those a swamp people shows where the boats filled with fucking
alligators.
I don't even think they're eating those man.
I think most of those,
they're just taking the skins off of them and selling it for the leather.
Yeah,
that's,
that's what's really valuable.
Yeah.
Dude,
I don't know.
I've,
I've no,
no adventure in me.
I want you posting videos of you hunting and killing things and then eating it.
It's like if you just go back to your,
your Instagram three days in a row,
it's like I go watch like a,
an animal alive to being on your plate and it's fucking,
I mean,
more power to you,
dude.
The whole,
I'm,
I watch it in awe because I could never,
I could never kill something even in a even,
I don't even definitely could kill something.
Listen to me.
You could kill something and you definitely could if you wanted to feed your
son,
there's no doubt in my mind.
If you had a gun and there was a deer and you are hungry,
starving,
yes.
You don't even have to be starving.
You just have to have not the best prospecting or manifesting.
Right now it's like 11:00 AM I'll fucking,
what is this,
Jamie?
46 grams of protein and alligator.
Is that a pound?
3.3 ounces.
Holy Shit.
Three ounces of alligator,
46 grams of protein.
You gainers out there.
Well,
of course,
it's a goddamn murderous dinosaur.
It's got no fat on it.
It's just muscle and rumps style skin.
They're monsters,
man.
Terrifying that,
that story about like the like,
uh,
that's the other thing about becoming a father that people don't tell you
everything makes you terrified.
Oh yeah.
So you know the,
so I'm supposed to read my kid to Disney in July and there was a story with the
alligator who grabbed the little kid and drag them into the,
uh,
on the property of Disney.
Yup.
The father just watched this kid get eaten,
Dude,
Florida,
there's too many alligators.
They can't keep track of them.
So if you have a body of water and you're not standing there 24,
seven,
when the fucking spotlight and a rifle,
those cuts can sneak into that water.
That's,
that's some real shit,
man.
Yeah.
He'll sneak into that water.
They'll cross that grass.
You don't know they're there.
They climate that water.
And they'll be underwater for an hour,
two hours,
and they'll pop the little head up.
They see that little kid and I'm like,
God damn,
I'm hungry.
That kids too close to the water and let's just grab them.
They don't have any qualms about that.
They don't know what the fuck you are.
They don't care what you are.
Yeah.
They have a brain the size of a god Damn Walnut and they've been alive in that
form for who knows how many fucking millions of years and they just kill,
kill,
eat,
take.
They can go without food for a year,
man,
really 95 alligators removed from Disney property in Orlando.
Fos Toddler killed 95 that was just like in that last year.
This was two years ago when this is written.
Dude,
they're too tiny.
Five up to 400 alligators through April.
Like it's a project like they're building a fucking bridge,
bro.
We were there like a year ago and first of all,
if you haven't gone to Disneyland,
Disneyland has the dope is fucking writing the history of the world.
Daddy World Avatar worlds is Lardo lands here world.
Sorry.
Disney land.
We'll have the dopest ride when they have this a Millennium Falcon rod that
opens up.
Supposedly it's insane,
but the,
the Avatar ride in Disney world and Orlando is off the charts.
It's crazy man.
It lets you know like,
oh my God,
the future of these fucking rides.
It's like one of those like a reality where you see crazy shit and you're
moving.
You put on this helmet and the helmet is a virtual reality.
Goggle straps you into this chair and this chair is like,
it looks like a motorcycle and you look down and you were riding this dragon and
that's it.
And you go for this full HD three d environment that they keep getting better
and better if the shit,
I did the transformers,
I brought my kids to universal,
uh,
last year.
That's a fun ride.
It was.
The transformers was awesome.
Harry Potter ride
was dope.
Love the Harry Potter Park.
You're like,
what in the fuck is that stupid fake dinosaur was the last year I think they
fuck they got rid of it.
It's the last one.
More money on the ride.
Then they did making the movie for Jurassic Park and it wasn't that good of a
real,
yeah.
I ride that recently.
Come on.
Hundred
impossible.
That's impossible.
I that fact it literally impossible.
That ride is so old.
You got realize Chucky cheese technology and that ride.
It's a fucking animatronic Dicken re skin it and it would be a giant rat playing
drums.
I know.
It's not even remotely scary.
It's like what will,
the drop is scary.
That's the thing.
At the end of it,
they do a drop at the end.
My son was five,
so he was terrified.
The Jurassic Park River adventure,
$110 million.
God,
it remains the most expensive amusement park ride of all time and actually cost
twice as much as Jurassic Park.
The movie,
how would have guessed more than 55 whoever made that right now has a bottle of
champagne,
one hand coke tray and the other and they just didn't live in The Bahamas and
some shit.
Laughing about how they got $110 million to make the shitty ass ride.
Yeah,
they just live in like a baller.
It's a,
yeah,
it is.
It's a different,
I mean like Jay z and big pimp and t do,
do,
do
10 million that rides with $35 if that was at a county fair and be like,
all right,
yes,
they will be the best writer at the county.
Fair.
Big Rod.
It's big Rod.
You should see the dinosaur comes out.
Looks pretty good.
Yeah.
Like he'd never slept bad fucking dinosaur.
I,
yeah,
I got caught smoking weed at university aside.
My girl bring my kid away and I was outside of the Jurassic Park.
I didn't get caught by the police,
but I was outside of the Jurassic Park ride and I was like,
all right,
you know,
bring him to go get a soda or whatever.
I'm going to sit here and smoking my vape pen and a,
there was like one of the handlers,
they have a thing where they have a velociraptor,
it's like a person in a costume,
but it's again,
and I'm a charter costume and they're pretending to be like a velociraptor and
the uh,
the trainers like trying to calm him down.
It's a whole display with the kids and everyone's really excited.
So I'm just like kind of watching it,
like getting stone zoning out.
And at one point the girls got like one of those,
you know,
a microphone,
face pieces on.
She just goes,
she goes,
sir,
not here.
And that was it.
And I went up and then I just certain not here,
faded off into the distance.
I know.
I wonder if they're cooler about it now.
Now this is a year ago.
Oh,
this not that long ago.
Wow.
I was very surprised.
I was like,
this is California.
Well not only that,
what would it would if it was a vape pen with tobacco or CBD or are you allowed
to do that?
Probably not.
I think there's smoking areas that are designated,
but she knew what it was.
She saw my face and my mouth was a gape watching real velociraptors walking
around.
I was losing my mind.
It was all to like get outta here.
Stoner.
Yeah.
That was listening to the radio and Utah.
And they were talking about how they have to,
uh,
re,
they have to figure out what to do with their drug sniffing dogs now because
there's no reason for us to be some,
is there a change in Utah?
Is Utah changing
their,
uh,
their drug policy?
Because it was funny listening to this old dude on,
just for the,
for the fuck of it all's Wilson,
the am radio talk radio.
And this old dude was talking about how they,
uh,
they're,
they're going to decommission some of these drug sniffing dogs cause they'd use
them on like traffic stops and we go,
medical marijuana in Utah could mean retirement for generation of drug canines.
Just fucking putting these dogs down.
Well,
they also were worried about the police officers themselves losing jobs.
You're like,
you,
when you hear about pot that's making its way into a place like Utah,
you know,
first of all,
you realize God damn pod is really,
you can't stop.
The genie's out of the bottle.
The revenues in grandma feels better.
You know,
the,
the Alzheimer's,
the people that have all these serious issues that CBD is fixing arthritis
patients.
People with like real problems that are not finding any other solution that
works the way cannabis does that just given in and then they're making all this
money,
but then you see these old folks that are from a different time and they're
talking about it and they,
they look at it in terms of like how many police jobs are going to go away.
Right.
How many dogs are going to be,
it's not really my problem.
It's interesting to watch him look at it as an economic issue.
The problem is you have potheads that are leading the charge,
so it's for a long time it was difficult to take him serious.
Yeah.
He needed,
he needed straight laced guys to come in and you know that there's a lot of
money there.
There's so much money in it that you're getting that,
but when you have fucking hippies playing hacky sack and yeah,
you know,
weren't pukka shell necklaces.
It's sorta hard to take them seriously when the reality is they kind of want it
to be legalized for recreational purposes and you know,
yeah.
I don't like,
I don't,
I don't use,
we access doesn't try to do,
I do take CBD.
I literally,
during that fight I was using topical CBD the whole time.
Um,
so I guess take oral too.
I do,
I take CBD excellent daily,
but I don't know,
kind of infinite CBD sponsors our podcasts and I'm to festivals whether also,
actually I'll get you a bunch of products because they're a really great company
that supports comedy.
They sponsored my tour when I was preparing for my special,
they're fucking dope.
But,
um,
I take it daily.
I take the oil.
Um,
just because you know,
apparently all of the benefits that it has with getting your body back into
homeostasis and making you feel better and getting back in line.
I don't know the fucking effects.
I smoke weed every day as well,
so I'm sure I'm getting CBD affects as well.
But in my mind I'm going,
well,
I have a bunch of this stuff.
I know that since I started taking it,
I weirdly feel better,
but I can't really connect.
You said before you take CBD and you go into another realm.
Well,
I was taking one and one.
It's like one gram of CBD to one gram of THC.
Like it's a,
it's one part,
so whatever milligrams you have,
it's,
but like,
it's 10 milligrams CBD,
it's 10 milligrams a week as well.
It's,
I,
I take regular CBD too though.
I take oil,
I feel like it's a,
it's very beneficial and much more potent in terms of its anti-inflammatory
benefits than just smoking
it.
Smoking it does something for you.
It definitely reduces inflammation,
makes you feel better.
Taking sore joints.
Topical.
Topical is good too,
but I think the real combination is topical plus,
uh,
the oil,
you don't have to take people.
A lot of people find that they have better pain relief from one verse,
one plus one,
like one part THC,
one part.
So it's like edible,
like,
you know,
marijuana mixed with CBD.
A lot of people find great benefit in that.
For some reason I had to trick my aunt because my aunt Cille anti-drugs and if I
told her that CBD was derived from Hampshire,
she wouldn't take it.
She has bad arthritis and I gave it to her for,
uh,
for that and she loves it and I told her after the fact,
but it's grabbing to,
it's just a plant folks.
And,
and if you just get straight CBD,
it has no psychoactive properties.
That's the only thing that's going to do is for some folks and it works a little
bit less wave with me.
It'll alleviate some anxiety.
It just relaxes you.
Yeah.
That's,
uh,
that's why I smoke weed too.
Yeah.
I smile.
I've,
I've been arrested probably 10 times in my life and every time was for smoking a
joint in the street.
Every single time.
Do they arrest you?
They take you in,
yeah.
New York talkie.
It's going to fucking sell.
It's crazy.
Still.
They're still doing,
the last time I was put into a cell for smoking weed was a year and a half ago.
Me and Dave Smith two years ago,
maybe tell them you were Louis J.
Gomez.
I told him,
Louis Gomez,
that's when I started using the middle initial was like,
you know what?
It was problem.
I learned the lesson.
Fucking Louis Gomez as much have rap sheets doggy.
Every time I come back into the country I am pulled into a room and they
fucking,
they look like they're about to fist fuck me with a rubber glove every time.
Have you been to Panama anytime recently sir?
Yeah.
That's come right this way.
Every single time.
Bolivia sir.
But yet dude,
when in New York City,
the way it works is you,
it's did.
It sucks.
Oh,
it's happened so many times.
It's the worst cause it's just a major inconvenience.
You know,
pain in the ass to get into Canada.
I can do it now because they changed the laws,
but I didn't go to Canada for like three years because of weed for being
arrested for a joint.
We're not talking about like I have announced that I just bought from my dealer
and they found a large amount on me,
a joint smoking on the street.
What they do is they,
they at first they,
they take the weed and the garbage is going to give you a ticket.
Just hang tight,
relax.
We're going to put cuffs on you.
This is just to keep you calm and just to fucking get you in the patty wagon.
It's all a process.
Then they put you in a patty wagon.
They used to have sweet nights in New York where all it was was they would go
and try to find kids smoking weed,
drunk kids,
college kids,
pissing in public public intoxication and the entire night they would just pick
up everybody in Phillip,
patty wagons and create criminals.
Just create criminals that have teenagers.
You know,
Kay and they were targeting this,
why the stop and Frisk laws happening in New York.
They changed it because they were just targeting black and Hispanic kids cause
they were like,
oh come here,
let me,
let me see what's in your pockets.
Vastly numbers
of them being stopped and frisked versus white kids and everybody's got weed in
their pocket in New York City.
Okay.
It's just so stupid that it's still illegal.
They're like,
how the fuck is that clinging on in one of the biggest cities in the world?
How the fuck is that?
Still the same thing with the UFC.
It wasn't legal there.
It was the last date.
It was the last state or maybe second to last and it's because corruption.
Yeah.
The amount of red tape involved,
the amount of people that have to be paid off to make any laws happen in any
type of the fast way.
The UFC out wound up going to jail.
One of the guys who was actively campaigned to keep the UFC out,
he went to jail for corruption.
Which guy was this?
I don't remember.
Fuck him.
Yeah.
That was the whole dealt with that for a long time.
I didn't care.
I knew what it was,
man,
you know,
I used to live in New York.
I know what it is.
There's a lot of that shit still around.
It's too big of a city.
Too much.
Too many rats in the holes.
You know?
You know when he wraps or in the streets of New York City,
just all throughout the bottom of the subway and running around the sewer
system,
this rats,
they just like,
they become a part of the ecosystem.
Well,
does human rats too.
It's like creepy,
corrupt motherfuckers that had been manipulating shit and getting people to pay
them off for protection and all sorts of sneaky fucking city related shit that
takes forever to clean out it,
just to get it out of the streets of New York.
It would take forever.
They did a good job.
I mean they cleaned up times square.
They've eliminated a lot of the mob,
but there's still a little mob killings.
Right.
That guy just got some dude,
just got killed,
just got whacked.
That happened and I was like,
what?
There's the mob.
The mob still alive.
Still alive.
They're out there has to whack and p.
No way.
I know I had,
it was done.
I thought it was done.
I literally thought it ended in like the 80s the Italian mob.
I had no idea.
I thought so too.
Like fucking reality stars now.
Yeah,
right.
I know like mob bosses,
wives still those fucking shows.
Grownup Gotti.
That was one of them.
Whatever one where Liz lady was,
I remember watching one with his girl was drinking and she,
she got mouthy with this guy and then the guy told her,
go fuck herself.
She's like,
Oh yeah.
And then she calls her ex husband rob who said mobster.
The ex husband comes over and talks to the guy.
I'm like,
imagine you're some poor guy at a bar.
And some crazy lady starts yelling shit out.
You'd go,
fuck you cunt.
And she calls,
this guy comes over and you look in his eyes,
you know,
he's killed about 18 fucking people and you're like,
oh Jesus.
Yeah.
You got,
well that's the other thing is like,
you know,
when you go after a chick,
you gotta be ready to fight.
You got to,
if you're just calling some chicken fat con yeah.
That just,
just be ready.
Just whatever's gonna happen.
And,
and I feel bad cause the guy that she's with now,
he's like,
fuck,
now I've got to fight for this factor.
And I've seen it happen man.
Oh yeah.
I had one,
we were at a UFC event in Philly years ago.
Forrest Griffin.
Anderson Silva.
Okay.
And,
uh,
there was a guy,
I was with a chick who was sorta dating,
she was a little Chubbier and we,
me and my buddies were there and these fucking Philly Dick as we're just ready
for a fight dude,
back then,
dude,
jersey,
Philly,
there was always like seven,
eight fights in the crown.
It was like,
it was crazy.
And these guys were just ready for a fight.
And I remember she was like there and they were like right in front of us,
but she was sort of in between us and the guy just said,
he was like,
yeah,
fuck you and fuck your girlfriend.
And literally in that moment I'm like,
well,
now I have to fight this guy because he,
I don't even like this girl really?
So now it's like a,
but it's a,
it's a weird thing.
So I just pretended I didn't hear him.
I was like,
well,
that was,
it was kind of like scuffled and I was like,
that was that.
She was like,
did you hear what he said?
It was like,
no,
we told him,
yeah,
I have.
I've dated girls like that that will get in your head stopped.
She's like,
I'm going to get a hot dog.
I've had,
I've had girls that I've dated that would want you to fight for them,
not want they would just ladies and the ladies listening to the show.
All three or four ladies that are listening to this show right now.
If just don't get your man into a fight.
Let him decide.
Don't start talking shit to another dude.
You're,
you're putting him in a situation that maybe he does want to be in and you're
never going to know whether or not he wants to be in that situation.
You're never gonna get the honest story.
What's going on in his fucking mind right there.
Just no,
we never want you to start talking shit to a dude in the middle of an
altercation cause it's never going to end good.
No.
Most of the time,
most of the time does not end good.
Especially if blows start flying,
man.
People getting knocked out.
Some guy got hurt really bad at a Dodgers game recently.
He got knocked out and cracked his head off the ground.
That's what people need to understand.
People die from that shit.
Watch movies and people knock people out in the person's fine.
You know,
you could get a goddamn murder rap if you punch someone and they fall.
And most people,
when you punched him in the face that go unconscious,
they have no idea what happened.
They go unconscious,
their head bounces off the ground,
they die.
It happens all the time.
Kevin James,
when he was a kid,
when he was a bouncer in long island,
and one of the guys at the bar,
I don't think he was working that night,
but one of the guys he knew and worked with,
knock the guy out,
the guy fell,
hit his head off a curb,
dead guy,
went up to go,
going to jail for years,
spent years in jail at some fucking $10 an hour job or you fight fighting
drunks.
Just getting into some dumb fight,
which is thinking it's okay to just tee off on someone's face.
That's also probably pretty rare.
People falling and hitting their head and dying.
And that's not rare at all.
That's really common.
Think about what that is,
is said,
we saw somebody,
I've seen a lot of people get knocked out,
so I'm the wrong guy to ask,
but I'm saying dying from hitting their head and occurred.
I haven't seen him die,
but they could easily,
if,
I mean I guarantee you in a major city like New York,
I bet somebody dies falling and hitting their head off the curb every week.
When you punch someone and they fall,
think about how far that is,
right?
Think about the amount of force that's involved.
Now think about if you were standing there and so when he hit you in the back of
the head with something,
now think about that.
Something was the fucking world.
The earth.
It doesn't give it all concrete doesn't give it all the only thing that gives
your head.
Yes,
you had asked a bounce and your skull fractures and you get internal bleeding.
Your brain hemorrhages,
it cuts off your ability to move.
You might have a stroke,
it might have.
I mean,
it's horrible.
Getting knocked out,
falling and hitting
your head off the ground is a terrifying thing.
And when you hear the sound of smack of someone's head bouncing off the
concrete,
it's,
it's t it sounds hollow.
That sounds like a look.
A like a melon.
It sounds terrible.
Like a hard melon or something like that.
Yeah.
You see it happen.
Um,
where people will pass out,
there's like videos that are out there,
there's like fall over and then they just split their head open.
What's the worst dude?
Gruesome?
Falling backwards though is something,
especially when you get hit,
you get fucking clipped on the chin,
your head snaps and you light shut off and you just fall and bounce.
It's even in boxing matches men.
So miscarries knockouts when a guy gets k out and then his head bounces off the
ground and MMA and the UFC,
same thing when guys fall back and their head bounced off the ground.
It's like a double knockout.
I watched that fight science thing back in the day they were doing on spike TV
and it was like a show called,
I think it was called fight science and they were just explaining why ground and
pound was so much more brutal than a straight up standing punch and they were
just,
they like,
you know,
they showed the 3-d animation of the head and the fist coming down and then the
head bouncing off the mat and then the brain bouncing off the front,
then bouncing to the back.
Then the fist comes back up again and your brand is just being over and over
again and you can't go anywhere you're stuck on.
It's terrifying.
I got beat up in the sixth grade by an African kid named Bubba tune day and this
every day 153 people in the United States die from injuries and include
traumatic brain injury.
What?
Wait a minute though.
Okay.
That include traumatic brain injury,
so it's an injury that also has traumatic brain injury,
head injury.
I see what they're saying.
Those who survive a Tbi can face effects.
It lasts a few days or the rest of their lives.
That's the other thing.
Impaired thinking or memory movements,
sensation,
vision,
emotional functioning,
personality changes or depression.
These issues not only affect individuals can have lasting effects on families.
The community.
Well that's,
yeah.
Um,
yeah man,
don't,
don't get hit in the head.
Don't avoid it.
Yeah.
Take it for somebody that has been hitting the head.
Avoid it.
Yeah.
I uh,
whenever with my son cause there's just like a lot of,
there's a weird thing in New York as well where there's like a lot of tough guys
that it's like this Alpha energy we will get on the subway and there's another
dude who like make eye contact with you and then you're like,
weirdly like you're in a weird beef now cause you're just looking at a dude in
the eyes.
Yeah.
And it's in that,
and then it becomes a thing where you have to like look away when you're,
you have this internal struggle.
We're going like,
well no I don't,
I'm not going to look away because this guy's looking at me.
And then,
and then I looked down at my kids right there and I'm going like,
what is even going on in my head right now?
I need to just go to another subway car.
Just avoid at all costs.
Having to get into a confrontation in front of him because that's one of my
biggest fears in the world is not knowing what to do.
This people that live in like Montana that are listening to this right now,
they're like,
what the fuck are you talking about?
Look,
you look each other in the eye and some wants to fight for no reason.
This is the nature of being penned up that many people I was fucking does
something cool about it.
The cool thing we talked about before that people were like,
you are exposed.
Even if you're a poor kid,
you're exposed to rich people.
They're there,
they're normal Nike,
the,
it doesn't seem unattainable,
unreachable.
They're all around you.
The Path is there.
Well,
there are humans that are,
they're just like you.
You're around them.
But if you live in a place where there you're never around them,
you'd never get that.
So there's benefits to New York for sure.
Culturally there's benefits.
The just the,
just the energy of the city and so much creativity,
so much going on.
It's even beyond just the money thing.
It is that the creativity por portion where like literally everybody,
everybody that's in New York is trying to do something.
Yes.
They're all,
they're all trying to make something happen.
Whether they're,
you know,
if they're trying to become a banker,
they're trying to become the number one fucking banker in the country.
They're trying to become the best at that.
Um,
and that,
that energy of success,
it's really,
that's really good.
And that's why I'm happy that I won on one level.
I'm happy I'm raising my kid in the city because of that.
And the other level,
it's like,
I want you to build a fucking tree house.
The tree house,
he can't go out of the house without somebody being right there.
Show him some shit on the weekends,
take him places and the weekends where it could be around the woods so you could
get like the best of both worlds.
There's definitely a,
there's a benefit to being in a city where you're a kid or an adult.
There's definitely a benefit.
The negative part is this depreciation of,
of value of life people,
there's so many people,
you don't think of them as being as important.
They're,
they're a hindrance as much as they are like a nice thing to see.
There's so many homeless people too.
And there's a homeless woman who basically stands on my corner and just begs for
change every day.
Um,
and my son was with me the other day and this woman,
she's like,
Hey,
do you have any money for a sandwich?
And a,
I was like,
no,
I saw it on today and I keep on walking and I might not look down my son.
He's like,
that's really sad.
She doesn't have money for a sandwich.
And I'm like,
she has every fucking day jams every day.
She has.
Okay,
I can't.
And I'd explained to him,
I was like,
well,
you know,
look,
I can't give her money every single day.
And I was like,
you know when I do have a dollar though,
I was like,
why don't we go back and give her a dollar?
And then it was like,
no,
I get it now.
We've walked at,
I swear to God,
he stopped me from giving her the dollar.
Well,
if the world was just one,
there was only one person like that.
That was the only issue.
Just one lady.
Just need some help.
You'd be,
oh,
we'll just help her.
Yeah.
But when there's a million of them,
you're like,
why can't help ever,
I just can't do this.
I got to keep going.
I've got to concentrate on my own shit.
Yeah.
That's like,
that's a microcosm of what happens in a city.
If that lady was in a small town,
she would be the,
the crazy beggar lady.
People would probably like figure out a way to help her cans or something.
Yeah.
Some people does.
A problem is,
is just like humans.
Some humans when you give them that as an option,
just begging,
like there's guys who do it and there was a whole San Francisco and I lived in
San Francisco.
There was a news report thing about this guy who was doing it for a living and
he was making a lot of money,
a lot of money.
Now he's just begging and he was essentially saying there's nothing wrong with
it.
It's totally legal.
And uh,
I just make up stories and have people donate money to me.
And I think of it as like an occupation.
So he,
it was weird listening to him talk about it cause he was telling this lady who
was a,
the reporter lid,
he was telling her how she could do it too and you know how he was doing it and
how it shows people how to do it.
But he was making like a decent living,
like 100 bucks a day.
Yeah,
I'm sure.
I don't remember cause I was a kid,
but I remember listening like,
Oh this is mother fucker.
He's just faking it.
I don't,
in a weird way,
I,
I appreciate the hustle.
I don't look,
I watched my mom on welfare.
I remember as a kid watching my mom collected welfare check and sitting in the
room smoke cigarettes and not work.
And I remember as a little kid being like,
that's not right.
I was like,
what are you doing?
Just work.
Do something else.
We could be in a better situation just from way too young having that thought.
Right.
Um,
but in a weird way,
I,
I appreciate the guys hustle.
He's figured out a way to thrive sorta.
It's not nothing to be proud of,
you know,
he shouldn't be bragging about it,
but at the same time,
like it's just a different system.
It's a different game.
We,
if you disconnect from sort of like,
you know,
whatever,
we're,
you know,
he's a con artist.
There's not never a good thing.
Have it.
Someone who's lying to everybody all the time.
I appreciate it.
Good con artists.
I really do.
They're boring.
Yeah.
It's boring.
Just figure it out.
Stupid.
Stopped lying.
Aren't they figured out?
Something different.
Dot.
They're just finding lemmings.
That's all they're doing.
They're finding lemmings.
They're finding people that don't know any better people that are,
what's three card money?
Come on,
I'll show you.
Well,
that's sort of what they deal with a homeless lady is doing.
There's now,
look,
I've been in New York City since 2001.
Um,
I've,
I'm so desensitized to homeless people that I,
there's no part of me that feels bad.
I just will walk on Sar.
Can't keep on going.
But what happens is you get there,
they're looking for the person who moved there a week ago.
They're looking for the tourist.
They're looking for the person who looking for Nice people and they're,
they're,
so,
it's sort of like that's,
but that's not the same thing.
Like that lady might just be crazy.
She's not a con artist.
Con Artists are people lying and pretending to listen to my car broke down.
Um,
my wife and kid having anything to eat,
24 hours,
really in a bad situation,
I would never do this,
but I just ask you if you could just give me $5 and the guy says,
yeah,
man,
sure.
I'm sorry.
Here's $5.
Next person.
Hey Man,
I need to go take this flight to see my mom.
She's dying of cancer.
They change it.
Usually they have sold and they'll change all the time.
Well,
I had a guy do that to me in New York when I first moved there and this guy,
he was wearing a suit,
young white guy wearing a suit and he was like,
dude,
I miss my bus back home was here for a job interview.
Um,
you know,
I'm just trying to get money for a bus ticket back home.
And I was like,
Oh,
here's a couple bucks,
whatever.
And then the next day,
and union square,
same fucking kids,
same suit,
same story.
Because they learn it like a sales pitch.
So they know the beats of what they know exactly what to say.
You see it went on the subway.
When they get on the subway,
they have an actual script,
you know,
so it's like,
I don't mean to bag out,
you know,
uh,
but my wife is blah,
blah blah.
And you see them every day going down the cart and it,
if you've ever done a sales job,
a good sales script is pretty good.
You're just sort of fishing,
you're playing the
numbers,
you're your,
instead of sort of adding emotion to it and changing the story in doing all
these different things and putting too much thought into it,
you go,
I'm just going to run the script and close one out of 20 people that walk by.
Stupid.
Yeah.
No it's not only benefit is that you grow up around people that are full of Shit
and you learn how to spot people that have full of shit so went benefit.
Other than that it's just annoying.
I agree with you but I also can appreciate it.
I can,
I can appreciate a good hustler.
I appreciate it.
It,
it goes out and gets a fucking job.
You don't just lie to people everywhere with some stupid story about how you
missed your bus.
Can you shit together pussy stop mooching money from people.
That's gross.
Well what about,
what about a guy who sells his CD on the street?
That's maybe a bit different cause he's offering something.
He has his art.
Nobody had a CD player,
you and a CD player.
I do not want up top.
I got a refurbished laptop in Columbus.
You're sorta reminding me.
I completely forgot about him.
He wasn't known as the wrapping bum but or help us on the way 10 1520 years at
Ohio state and this guy would be on the high street,
which is like the main strip.
And he had this,
all these rhymes he would constantly go to.
It always ended with help us on the way.
But I don't remember a lot of them,
but he always said help is on the way.
And it like,
it was like this punchline like help is on the way.
He had tee shirts made about him.
I think keep someone actually recorded him at one point and like 2005 or six but
you remember when they found that homeless dude that had that crazy radio voice?
Yeah,
that was in Columbus to,
was it?
Oh Yay.
I got a job.
Went right back to the pipe.
Yeah,
he fucked it up.
Well,
you can't fix,
you can't fix them.
Like that was fire though.
It's very good voice,
great voice radio Voice.
You got a lot of gigs too smooth and he just wound up going right back to being
a homeless person.
Right.
This is going to sound very insensitive,
but most of the time it's not bad luck.
Right.
You know,
it's sort of the decisions you make and I'm not saying that you can't have a bad
situation and you cannot,
you know,
there is bad luck in the sense that some people are born into,
affluent households and some people are born into poverty.
But this is him.
Yeah,
the same,
let's hear it.
Nothing but the best of all these,
you're listening to magic 98.9 thank you so much.
God bless you.
He was a radio guy.
Yeah.
And then he fell in hot oil and don't forget tomorrow morning is your chance to
win a pair of tickets to see this man live in concert.
I have a theory theory.
I think doing that for living makes you fucking crazy.
That's what I think.
I think if you have that fake voice,
eventually you just snap,
you know,
I can't do this anymore.
I can't talk like this.
I can't have this fake voice blow a fuse and that guy blew a fuse rotations.
Have you done that a lot in your career?
No.
I've voiced over a couple of things,
but not nothing serious.
It's such a weird like other hustle,
like you're like that's a whole world in comedy where like guys are everyday
going out and doing voiceover auditions and trying to be a voice in some
commercial.
There's so,
it's so disconnected from creativity,
like there's no part of everyone.
First of all coming.
I started reading these books on things you could do because this is before
podcasting was even a thing and it was like you could do stand up,
you could try to get corporate gigs,
you could try to write jingles for commercials or write hallmark cards.
That was one of the things and one of these books,
it was this chick who wrote all these books.
Oh,
I know Judy Brown.
Is that what it is?
You're so close.
It's not Judy Brown,
but your clothes,
something like that.
Fuck yeah.
So she wrote books on how to do stand up and it was workbooks.
It was like hell's her name.
She's the one who did it.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
She had a bunch of them.
But there was no real evidence of her being good at comedy.
No.
None of them are good at comedy something.
How'd he just fuck,
there was a book.
Here's the deal for people listening.
Don't know what the fuck we're talking about.
There was literally no books on how to do standup.
There was no books.
There was a couple of books written by comics and they were almost always tongue
in cheek.
Like Belzer.
Richard Belzer wrote a book on how to do stand up and just gave you some like
joke advice for the most part.
Carter,
Judy Carter.
Carter.
Yep.
So she wrote these books and how did you stand up and everybody bought those
books.
Everybody that wants to try to just stand up and bought those books.
Everyone,
even comedy greenroom stole a lot.
Just like on a shelf somewhere.
And they would give you like exercises,
so she'd be like,
go get a newspaper and write 10 premises out of the newspaper today.
You know it's not.
Look,
the reality is if you're not a funny person and you're still trying to pursue a
path in sand up,
that's not,
yeah,
there's nothing wrong with that shit.
Shut that off.
Don't give her the time of day.
Fucking shitty quarter.
Maybe she's funny.
I'm just joking.
Impossible.
So God damn sensitive these days.
You'll find that that's like what we do honestly on a podcast,
just in the realm of talking shit.
This is one of the last bastions of actual shit talking when we smoked weed,
you sit back and chill half like half the fight companion podcast that we do.
We want to be in completely blitzkrieg hammered by the time it's over.
Hell yeah,
you're talking Shit live and there's non real time and put a microphone in front
of you for 10 hours a week.
You're going to say something stupid.
You're going to say a lot more stupid shit than I say.
Way More stupid shit.
Okay.
I'm done putting good point.
It's like what Patrice said is so pertinent.
It's so important that it all come from the same place.
Whether it hits or misses.
Like when you just try to be funny,
you're just trying to be funny.
Like that's all you're trying to do.
You're not trying to hurt nobody.
And sometimes to be funny,
the funniest thing to say is the most fucked up thing or the thing that's making
wa I says not trolls all the time.
Cause you know,
people say mean shit about me on the Internet and um,
and I,
I go,
well no,
it's not about me.
That's the funniest thing to say in that moment.
And they're trying to beat their comedy fans.
They're trying to be funny.
So when you step back and don't take us a personal,
you kind of go like,
oh,
I get why that's funny.
It also fits in with what you do.
Yeah.
And that's what you do.
So it's a,
it fits in there.
Jumping in when we lost balls then that's the,
I think you don't realize so legion of skanks.
Yeah.
I mean what the
fuck is anybody expecting from that name?
Well,
that's why we don't get in trouble.
I think if we called the most offensive podcasts on earth and we say,
I mean the craziest shit you could possibly sound a podcast,
it's nuts.
It's,
it's actually it never going to get a network gig.
Now we deck,
we've got a pilot deal with true TV last year.
That's a mistake by their part.
We'd love that canceled.
He put the Kibosh on that bad boy.
Don't you worry that never made it to even filming day.
No,
we don't.
We don't need it with,
with the Internet today,
man.
You don't need anything.
No,
but you were not.
You're right.
We're never going to get a TV deal.
I tell my agent you don't want it and then I told my agent,
stop sending me on acting gigs for ABC is going to happen.
What are things going to happen?
I'm going to get a Gig and I'm going to get fired from it and then it's going to
put me in a suit.
Once you sort of open that can of worms,
you're of label it,
label the problem.
I'd rather work with people that want to work with me and sort of get what I do.
Well,
not only that,
do you really have aspirations to be an actor now?
One of those stupid things they rope you into.
It's one of those stupid things.
They was wasting time.
Yeah,
they broke you into it because he like Mitch Hedberg had a whole joke about it,
but that comedy is one of the weird things that if you like do comedy,
they expected also act,
you know,
he had,
I forget the bit and it's another completely different,
different things.
Such a different thing.
I mean even on the like the like the cellular level,
like how to start off acting as such a,
you go to technique classes and there's,
it's a real art.
I,
I really appreciate people who are good actors.
It is a majorly different thing.
Um,
but for some reason they group them together like actor and comedian when it's
as different as hockey player and comedian.
Yeah,
it is.
Well not really because if you can act,
you could be a comic.
If you can do comedy,
I think you can act.
I think it's possible.
It'd be impossible.
More likely.
If you do comedy,
you can act.
This might be my own bias.
More likely.
Do you want some weed?
You don't have to roll it like a peasant.
Oh.
Rolson bleed.
I feel I bring it.
I'll bring some weed.
We can sponsored speed.
We'd as dropping off.
It's already rolled us chest.
I love,
Gina has a fucking man.
He's the best.
That war chest in the back.
That's all we'd dude,
we can get high for a year.
He was rubbing the boy.
I love it.
I'm talking about,
so I didn't really,
she smoked blunts too,
which is fucking dope.
Where's the one that we just had?
Is it this go out?
No,
it wasn't different.
Yeah.
W get one that's as fresh as possible.
That might be it.
That last one might be it.
Oh hmm.
Hmm.
Wait one second ago.
You were like,
dude,
we got weed for days here.
I'm fucking going through roaches
too.
Uh,
what's his face?
Um,
uh,
Action Bronson.
Oh yeah.
Actually brought,
he came in here and by the time the ashtray was done,
I had to take a picture of it.
Like this is ridiculous.
This is all his weed,
like seven joints.
I mean blunt just kept,
got big ones.
Sticks,
bats.
Yeah.
I'm a,
I'm a pothead.
I'm a morning
dude.
Smoker.
I was saying,
I wrote,
I wrote last night at like one o'clock in the morning,
I took an edible,
gave the misses the business and then afterwards I,
uh,
I had,
I couldn't lay down,
I was laying down,
I was like mid die.
All these ideas were rolling through my head and I'm like,
I know the right thing to do.
I got to get up and write.
And uh,
sometimes you write and just bullshit comes out and there's nothing there on
sometimes you,
right.
You just hit a vein man.
Whether it's creativity,
vulnerability,
a live experiences,
thoughts,
recent things in the news,
everything just comes together.
Boom.
And then you have these ideas and then those ideas could eventually be bits.
That's like those moments when you get an idea,
you get the inspiration to write man.
As a comic,
it's one of the most important things that capture.
You've got to dive on those cause you'll,
you might have your next closing bit in that moment.
It's such a hard,
that's where the difference between pros who are legitimately,
um,
who really care about the craft.
And guys like me who don't fucking,
I need to do it more.
I mean,
I,
this is the first time doing this special was the first time that I ever had to,
there was a purpose to doing Santa,
but was a fucking hobby.
Before there was nothing.
I wasn't working on anything.
I was running a race for no reason.
There was nothing.
There was no,
it was doing bits.
You're just working on it forever.
You're like,
nobody's asking for this.
I'm not,
I'm not doing late night sets are putting out an album.
Um,
and all of those little habits that they're great.
Do you ever,
you put,
you can definitely know Gary Gulman who's a brilliant comic forever.
I'm sure we had lost too.
Well God,
I didn't know him from Boston and met him out here.
I think I met him at the laughing.
He's the fucking man,
but he's got on his Twitter.
He does like a writing tip every day.
Oh beautiful.
And he's got these really cool writing tips for young comics.
If you're young comic,
you should go follow Gary Goldman cause he's great.
Um,
but he has these just little great little tips where it's like when you're
writing down your,
your jokes leave a space between each line so then you can go in and fill in
different words later and it gets very specific like that.
Um,
and I think putting in those little habits and just making it a,
a genuine rule where you say,
every morning I'm going to get up and I'm going to write for one hour,
I'm going to commit to that.
Whether I feel motivated or not.
Um,
you will eventually reap a lot of benefits.
And I think a lot,
when I started doing comedy,
it was like,
it wasn't our,
these,
some of the most recent ones he did,
he spoke,
written wrong.
Um,
but I fuck up spelling all the time.
It's okay to bomb taking risks essentially.
Oh,
it's good for him.
There's also,
I think there's a Twitter called advice for writers.
That's interesting.
Here's the number one thing though.
Here's number one,
right?
Just do it.
Just get out there and make it happen.
Just start moving.
You got to force yourself to sit in front of a notepad or whatever it is for x
amount of time of day.
Have a fucking timer set it,
make sure you do it,
and then if that timer goes off and you're still working,
keep going.
If you can,
if you feel it,
keep going,
but make yourself do it.
If you just make yourself do it,
that's more important than
anything else.
All that other stuff.
The other stuff is good.
It's all good to have structure and understanding,
but the number one thing people have a problem with is doing it.
It's like talking about exercise but not exercising.
You know what I'm saying?
I think the other thing is with social media,
you have the tendency to say,
oh,
I'm going to just tweet this.
And then you don't really work the joke the same way you would if you were
sitting down and trying to work a joke.
Cause you're trying to fit it into a certain amount of characters.
You try to make it funny in a certain way when you're not going to get the
maximum.
And that's where I think a problem where I have where my college and I'll just
go and tweet this or I'll put it on Instagram or whatever it is.
Um,
but yeah,
I think,
uh,
that's another,
I think I'm sort of turning a corner now where I'm starting to look at that
process more.
That's fun too.
Men tweet jokes are great.
Nothing wrong with it.
A lot of people would become famous for having a really good Twitter account
when they say funny shit.
Nothing wrong with that.
But you've got to write for yourself,
man.
Like writing for yourself is everything.
It's everything.
It's the one thing that we tend to fuck off on.
You know?
So one thing that I like to reinforce it.
So you're still listening back to sets and everything.
I listened to him in my car.
I have,
I'm a,
I listened to him on the way.
Um,
if I'm working on some new shit,
try to say Oh yeah,
don't forget that part.
Oh,
make sure you pause there.
Make sure you may,
maybe if you emphasize this first punches right there.
Yeah.
It's like doing an extra set.
So like say if you do three sets a night,
but you record three sets a night and you listen to two sets of night,
now you did five sets a night.
Yeah.
It is like it cause you're in that mindset maybe even more beneficial,
like not beneficial in terms of like,
you know that groove that you get in when you just loose onstage and
everything's flowing.
Like the only way to get there I think,
or the only way I know how to get there I should say is I have to do a lot of
stand up if I don't do a lot of standup.
There's always this weird feeling of awkwardness that you have to overcome at
the beginning.
When you do a lot of stand up right away,
you can be loose and that is essential for getting the material across the best
way.
But you probably can get a lot of work done on top of that.
If you listen more,
a lot of guys don't like to listen to because that's gross.
Listen to yourself,
like shut up stupid Haley's,
you're so annoying and fake watching it back.
The special editing at myself with an editor obviously.
But you start to hate it and the more time you have with it,
you're taking more things out and you're noticing more things wrong.
You'll eventually whittle it down to nothing.
And I think,
look,
I think that's probably a good sign.
Uh,
you know,
my taste is a,
is better than I am as a comedian.
Like substantially.
Like I,
I have impeccable taste in comedy,
like the guys who I look up to,
Patrice,
David Towl,
you know,
these are the best of the best in my opinion.
Um,
and you know,
that I sort of hold myself to that standard and I'll never be there in my mind
in a minute,
probably in most people's minds,
but I'll never fucking,
you know,
that those are the best.
Um,
and you start to hate it.
And that's a,
that's a very difficult,
painful process that I think most people,
most people,
even if you don't do stand up,
go listen back.
Anybody older,
listen to this.
Think about when you put answering machine messages so you still do what we,
your voicemail,
how many times did you go back and look where I sound like a fucking idiot.
And you delete it again and again and again and you've done it 30 times.
And yeah,
I think that's just sort of natural.
Yeah.
If you care about what you do,
you're going to hate it.
You know?
Uh,
Alexander Gustafson said something like that one.
So He's,
one of the UFC is top light heavyweights and he was talking about being a
professional fighter that as a professional athlete,
he was never satisfied.
They still is never satisfied like nothing.
Nothing's ever good enough.
And this is just the mindset that you have to be to be an elite athlete.
And I think anything you really trying to do,
you're going to pick it apart.
And as you're picking it apart,
you're gonna find stuff that you hate because still find stuff that you love to.
This like the balance of doing too many sets.
You know when you do too many sets and you get stale,
you know flat.
Yeah.
That's not good either.
Oh yeah.
Well when you're just going through the same thing.
Yeah.
You know where the punches coming.
You feel like they now it's like you feel like they know that's part of it cause
you know,
so it's hard for you to be in the moment cause it's like you've heard it too
many times so you don't want to say it again.
Well I think about this like,
you know,
it must be crazy for you cause every show you do,
there's somebody that probably fucking followed you from the next city.
And Are you ever conscious that,
are you ever thinking like,
fuck dude,
I know that guy,
he saw this bit and it just for one dude,
for me,
one dude,
I'm like,
fuck that.
I want to do that.
But now we have kind of 250 people.
I'm like,
you know,
I don't want to do it.
And as I start saying it,
I'm,
I scan the crowd and I find his eyes and I'm like,
I'm a fucking hack.
I stink.
I'm so bad.
But that's the process that you have to go through.
And you know that Stan hope yelled at a guide to stop coming and sitting in the
front row.
Like,
cause he was,
he did a second show and the guy was there for the second show too,
in the same spot.
It's like,
what the fuck?
You can't do that.
Yeah.
It can definitely mess with your head.
It,
the illusion of you being in the moment,
talking about these subjects is out the window.
If someone saw you do it the exact same way,
three hours,
that's the magic trick.
If you know the sleight of hand.
Yep.
It doesn't matter if you know what's going to happen.
You just see it every single time.
Yeah,
but there's some people that love the process.
I met these two ladies in Austin that travel around the world listening to stand
up.
They went to cre in Iceland and I think they saw him in the UK too.
They're like fans of awesome process of comedy and they said that they were at
the comedy store like a week before when I did a set there and then they came to
the shows in Austin cause that's where they live.
But they travel around watching comedy and they wanted to talk about the process
of it.
It's really interesting cause then they'll get to see all these different sets.
They'll get to see sets where things don't go so great.
That sets,
we switch it up and think you'll see that at the comedy store all the time.
There's people that go there like two or three nights a week.
Yeah,
they just,
they,
it's,
it's a rare art form where it one day will be seen by millions.
Right.
You put it on whatever you're on Hulu or iTunes or whatever the fuck it
is.
Netflix,
if you're on Netflix,
you're going to be seen by millions of people like,
but 150 can watch practice and the same ones can watch you practice.
Awesome.
By the way.
Yeah,
it's awesome.
You mentioned watching George Saint Pierre train before or and being coachable.
I got to watch GSP.
I'm training with Henzel Gracie and John Donna her at Hanzo school in New York
City.
This is when I just started podcasting.
This is like nine years ago.
I used to do a show called Hammer fisting to beat to give people a,
that's like watching Herschel Walker play football or get coached,
like be on the field with him.
If you were a fan of football,
you're like,
wow,
I'm right here.
I'm her about like as far as you guys are from me,
I'm watching them train.
I'm watching both of them give him like,
it was really cool.
It's a really,
really cool thing.
Um,
wait,
how do we even get there?
I'm sorry.
We're talking about him being coachable and him listening and you watched him
train with people.
How we even get to the George Saint Pierre.
How'd it get back to there?
What we were talking about before that marijuana has pros and cons and here is
the car being able to watch it from the like the training process.
Right,
so we have with comedy it's like that.
Thank you Jamie fucking,
you don't get paid enough.
I don't know what you get paid,
but it's not enough.
The PR,
that process was an amazing thing to watch.
Now if I went to it and I paid $600 for a front row seat and I was like,
I'm watching a fight right now and I'm watching a George Saint Pierre Ufc
champion fight,
I would be vastly disappointed with that experience.
I would go,
this isn't,
this isn't what I'm paying for it.
I think when people come to comedy clubs,
they think they're paying for the big fight night,
the big fight.
Nice.
The special,
the big fight nights,
which you're the album you recording of whatever it is.
Basically everything leading up to that with to a certain degree.
I think if you're headlining and there's a,
on the road doing an hour,
there's a certain responsibility.
They're paying a heavy price ticket for a real show.
Um,
but they should have a higher,
they should have at least a little bit of an understanding that they're watching
the process and if they understood it,
they would appreciate it more.
You would,
they would go,
oh shit I get,
I even,
I heard this guy do that joke before.
I noticed the nuance and I noticed the difference.
Some people,
some people only want to hear the new shit,
but that's cool to just sit around and wait to die.
She used to just fucking do the hits.
How cool would that be?
Yeah.
He used to get these to get angry.
If he didn't do the hits,
like they have a conceal,
I think they,
they start calling out hot pocket and it was like he'll do it.
He has to.
I think he has to.
I think Burt Chrysler has to tell the machine stores still write story.
It's half the hour.
Does it need still tell that story?
I think,
I'm sure it tells a story.
I'm sure.
Well,
people will be mad.
Bread is taken to taking his shirt off in the original room at the comedy store
as well.
It wasn't,
he would save the shirt off for the main room,
but now he's taken to the next level.
So it's,
he takes his shirt off,
immediate said Starbucks and they're way too close to him so they all get
uncomfortable.
They're like,
what are you doing?
I wish I was comfortable being that doggy.
If I,
if I could be comfortable being fat,
I would be so happy because I was a fat kid,
grown up.
Then I got in really good shape in my mid to late twenties,
got sort of eating right,
exercising,
got really into it.
Um,
and now every winter I get fat.
Every summer I get back in shape and I just yo Yo back and forth.
Um,
and cold weather life.
And it's a Europe's.
Yeah,
you're right.
It is because I,
I don't want to sweat.
You don't,
you don't know Joe,
you never been a fat guy.
And I don't want to hear this horse shit or you were fat when you're in your
teenagers never fed.
Okay.
You don't know what it's like.
I don't know what it's walking upstairs and having your,
you could,
you could feel your ass sweating,
you could feel your thigh sticking together.
It's,
it's just an uncomfortable life knowing that like if you're eating something in
public that there are other people that are health conscious looking at you and
judging you.
And I know that because I've been on the other side because now when I watched
that people on the subway eating potato chips,
I'm like,
even if I'm fat,
I'm just like Ugh.
Put them away.
What are you doing?
Why are you killing yourself with that nonsense out?
They probably taste delicious.
Unbelievable in the moment,
right?
Some barbecue.
What kind of,
what is that stuff?
When you get barbecue chips,
what his,
what?
His barbecue does not taste like barbecue.
It has a taste and that taste is barbecue potato chip tastes.
It's not barbecue,
orange dust,
whatever the flavor is.
Yeah,
great flavor.
It doesn't taste like,
but you know.
But if someone gives you a basic gray bubble gum and be like,
oh this is great.
Like,
but it sits as a dealer like a grape.
Yeah,
that's true.
So true.
Orange Soda Kit pitch that is not orange.
Like what is that?
This is not the taste of orange and all this is is it's like an orange.
Yeah.
I uh,
I do food.
It's so fucking bad,
dude.
What is barbecue potato chips?
What the fuck is that taste?
Cause that's a weird taste,
right?
That does not taste like barbs.
Not that I tell you this much.
It does not grow in the earth.
Whatever it is.
It's some long words and some scientific sounding shit.
Then methyl El Nino Mile Fisk gift pain should not be putting into your body.
Oh,
there's gotta be some trans fats in them bitches to,
oh,
come on Joe.
It's 2019 you say that style is still out of say trans fats.
It's getting there though.
You can say Trans Trans is okay.
Don't,
don't deviate with new sounds with your face and me and the exact same thing.
Or people get furious.
Trans fats are okay.
Trans Fat,
he'll get mad at you.
He'd say it too much.
Like,
do you just get off on saying trends?
It says,
when you say,
I'm trans fats and a lot of talk also trainings have great senses of humor.
If you've ever hung out a lot of them.
Well,
ever.
Every trans person that I know and I,
I'm friends with too,
that I'm pretty close with.
Um,
and I know a handful,
um,
get it.
Um,
and uh,
yeah,
they have great sense of humor.
Gay people have great sense of humor,
black people,
Hispanic people,
all the people,
all these protected groups have great senses of humor if you would,
to a black room and do racist jokes.
What would be deemed as racist jokes by young liberal white people.
They love it.
Dude.
They fucking bounce off the walls are having a blast.
It's all good jokes.
Yes,
I,
yes,
but that's just,
but they're not typically getting offended,
but blew you offstage,
but they're not going like,
this person needs to lose their job.
I'm highly offended by these jokes.
Yeah,
I don't.
I never see that.
I never see a black person or Hispanic person being the one actually complaining
about something.
It's always some fucking annoying white chick.
Some fucking barbecue chip fan.
What's in that stuff?
What does barbecue barbecue,
barbecue flavor like Paprika,
mesquite smoked flavor.
That's what it is.
Track garlic powder and the mount dextrose.
Dextrose.
That's a sugar,
right?
Is that some kind of a sugar?
It is a weird acceptance.
The barbecue chip flavor.
We except that flavor.
It's great,
but it does not taste like fucking barbecue.
I never,
I would never go with a barbecue.
Barbecue chips.
I'll take him every time.
Barbecues,
the only sauce,
it's that thick sauce.
Less sauce on [inaudible] for sure is sea salt and vinegar.
If you want some potato chips,
I'll fuck up some sea salt and vinegar.
Salt and pepper.
That's good too.
It's not bad.
I get just salt and vinegar.
Almonds.
Ooh,
there was another fucking,
yeah.
Why Sea salt?
Why am I so pretentious?
I want myself from the ocean.
Sea Salt.
I don't know if I could taste the fucking difference.
Could you tell,
tell the difference with the regular soul?
I'd like to know if I can't not.
I can't.
I Bet Himalayan salt tastes a little different maybe.
What do you think?
Probably right.
Probably look a little different.
You could probably do it.
You could probably taste the difference between all three of those.
If you did a blind taste test I easily,
I bet I would.
I would beg to disagree to it.
If you want to cook a steak,
especially a Ribeye and you don't have kosher salt,
you don't know what the fuck you're doing.
You want that thick ass.
What makes it kosher?
Salt that I dunno.
Is it actually kosher?
Jews use magic.
The Jews are praying over it.
Weed.
It's weed,
Joe,
that I've killed like at least four laptops.
That's one of the reasons why I switched to a windows laptop.
I have all the Novo,
not just for the best keyboard,
but also because I'm,
the fucking things are waterproof.
Like how does apple not have waterproof computers?
You spill your coffee on your apple computer.
That shit is dead.
Well,
so the iPhone is not waterproof.
I've watched five friends go,
yeah,
it's waterproof and there's Dunkin water and then it goes off coffee.
Kelly did that.
Uh,
my girlfriend did that.
We were in Jamaica.
She's like,
it's waterproof it and she started taking these photos of the waves coming up to
the phone.
So it was like half in the water and half without us.
Oh my God.
That's it.
It's water resistant.
Yeah,
water resistant.
If it's raining,
it's fine.
And make sure you have the one that's water resistant.
Like you might not have.
You might have an older model.
Like I have an iPhone thrown in the ocean,
but the fucking laptops,
they short out.
I've shorted out how many Jamie,
how many have I killed?
Five.
Six,
easily.
I went every six months at least killed four laptops.
One time I'm leading the skanks.
I was drinking red wine Lewis Chair Gomez.
Who is Jacob Lewis
Shaygo master.
Get a glass of red wine and I knocked it over.
A big J.
Big Dad just bought a brand new pair of sneakers,
like $150 sneakers.
Jay's Jay's deep down inside.
He's trashed.
So he like,
you know,
he needs expensive things and make himself feel good.
Um,
but these were beautiful white sneakers.
Just got them and the wine,
it literally,
the entire glass fell into the laptop.
I mean literal.
All the liquid disappeared into the laptop.
Um,
and one splash just went splat right on the front of the shoe.
Oh,
right on the front of red wine.
That's it.
And he couldn't be mad because my $1,600 laptop had just been destroyed.
He said he couldn't be like,
oh,
my hundred $50 shoes.
Why aren't laptops all fucking waterproof?
That's what I'm saying.
Like fix that stupid.
They just want to make a lot of money in repairs.
Is that what that is?
Maybe planned obsolescence.
They know people are going to be dumb.
Eventually Snapple.
Listen,
listen folks,
Steve Jobs is dead to make better keyboards.
Your keyboards are dog shit.
Also the volume on the uh,
the macbook air is garbage.
What do you say,
Jamie?
I just saw someone tweet about that today.
There's like a,
an article someone wrote apple doesn't like from their stance,
they don't buy that.
It's a big problem.
That keyboard issue.
Oh,
but their kids,
that's a breaking keyboard.
The keyboard suck.
Even if they work perfectly,
they suck for writing.
There's no,
there's no travel.
It's a very short travel and they're flat like they don't,
it doesn't feel good for your hands.
I think you just get used to it.
That's what sort of stupid.
It shouldn't have to get used to it.
Like if you like a Lenovo keyboard is so much better today,
you know what it is.
I think their whole thing was Apple's sort of butterfly keyboard,
a personal journey.
The feel of it,
right?
It's what it feels very smooth when you touch,
you take an homeland box,
fuels how you,
what it is.
It's the way it looks.
They liked the fact that it looks really thin and really sleek.
So they made these keys as shallow as possible.
So they just click it so everything's real small and it looks sleek as fuck.
That's what it is.
It's not for function.
If they had it function,
that'd be like a little dip to the center of the key so your fingers would fit
in it normally and there would be some travel because when you have some travel
with your keys,
then your fingers get a better sense of what you're doing and you're more
processing Italian or you need your hands moving around more better precision.
It's more precise whether or not you're touching something,
you get better feedback so you can type better.
But I'm showing him like words per minute when they show,
like people who are like really good typist,
how many words per minute they can do with a really good keyboard versus a flat
shallow keyboard.
Though even experienced like high level typist are way better with like
something that has some travel.
If I try to type on a regular keyboard right now,
it would feel like I,
it's an alien thing because I'm so used to it now.
I guess you can get used to it,
but I don't even mean like a regular keyboard,
like just a let like a laptop keyboard.
It doesn't have to be like some crazy
but just have enough extra travel.
There's a number,
they think
it is like 1.5 millimeters or something like that.
And they would like,
like anything between 1.5 and two millimeters is good.
You get that travel and you get a feeling of it and it's a lot of feedback.
Anything shorter than that as bad.
So you're saying it's actually a better riding experience,
your Phoebe?
It's easier.
It's easier to write like your fingers find the keys better.
I'm not a good typer but I'm half decent.
I don't look at the keys.
I've been love doing those.
Uh,
I did those Mavis Base Bacon teaches typing.
I did all those little courses or it's like a game that you play it?
No,
it's color.
It's really cool.
Like,
uh,
like they make it like a little game.
Like things will go across the screen and you have to type it with your finger
and it shows you like a,
a map of where your hands are in relationship to the keys and it shows you like
where you should move your fingers and then there's something will pop up and
you're like,
oh,
that's an l,
here's an owl and you'll,
you'll start doing this.
And as you're doing this,
you get better and better.
And then they ask you to start forming sentences and after a while you get like
a really good sense of where the keys are.
Yeah.
I almost felt that game guitar hero,
they should've made it with like a real guitar because I feel like they can
teach people guitar if they made it a game where they just started because you
just sort of like have to hit those beats in your finger,
starts getting used to it.
Um,
I'm Jamie.
I was in typing class in the sixth grade thing I just discovered.
It's called tap.
The little sensors you put on your fingers and you tap little gestures and it
types for you so you don't need it.
You don't need a keyboard anymore.
What in the holy fuck?
I don't know if it would be useful.
I don't know if you'd like it.
I don't know if you could get used to it.
It actually be better,
but it's going to suck right now.
Give me showing a five year looks like it's going to be God damn garbage right
now.
The technology sucks.
This is a Tom cruise movie.
Look at this,
this guy moving this stuff around with his fingers.
This is insane.
Fuck.
It could be cool.
I mean you might,
you want tactile feedback I'm sure,
but like this thick,
they could add a little bit of a vibration maybe and that could be enough.
I don't know.
Look,
it's entirely possible that these typers if you left them alone with one of
those shallow keyboards,
eventually they could get used to it and it would put their,
their numbers of words per minute just back up to where it was before.
But for me it's an easier experience.
I don't use any of this.
The new technology like Alexa or those things.
That bitch is listening.
Oh,
oh yeah.
it's crazy.
It's over it.
Whenever it,
I've sort of given up like all right guys,
you have an online profile.
Everything I type in is online.
Everything we say it's being picked up.
Stores are eventually going to have just Alexa and their own versions of
whatever that is where you just say it into the air and it's all listening and
it's all going into a database and you know,
I eventually,
I think what they're going to do is they're going to have a thought of the
technology to like go through podcasts and find the no,
no words.
They'll have an algorithm to go back and start listening to what you're not
supposed to say.
It's all kicking old content off the Internet.
That's cool.
That's very close to on the way guaranteed.
I'm sure.
Yeah.
We're in the middle of a hurricane of new,
yeah,
no,
I mean it's going to be really,
really interesting to see what these lean,
the kinds of wearing virtual reality goggles typing on his arm.
Yeah.
What?
Moving things around some virtual desktop that's like straight out of a
futuristic film.
Right.
I,
uh,
I'm interested to see where it's going to go.
That's minority report,
right?
I mean,
minority report,
they didn't have glasses.
They just did it on the screen and we were like,
that is insane.
That is insane.
But that's like,
you know,
windows 13 or something.
Yeah.
It's actually not impressing anybody.
What you've watched minority report now you're like,
okay,
it's a
touchscreen.
Hey,
he needed all those um,
those psychics.
Yeah.
We need to be tough.
If you could have psychics,
I can predict crimes.
And what in the fuck kind of weird body slavery was that psychics strapped into
a tub all day.
Like what was that?
Is that what they want and how do they not see this coming that they're going to
get roped into being covered in milk and left in that pool?
Like what the fuck was,
that was a weird fucking weird fucking movie.
Right?
Like they needed those people to figure out crime.
Isn't that how they did it?
That was the idea.
But you didn't have free will anymore.
Like it was the idea that those people are like,
I forget where they special.
Like like x man type people.
He cogs,
they had magic powers.
But you,
yeah,
I guess the rust in the future like,
well,
why wouldn't you go to this guy and say don't commit the crime and then the date
passes,
he doesn't give it the crime and you say,
hey man,
and know you're going to go rob this bank and it's really gonna fuck up your
life and everybody else's life,
so don't go robbing the bank.
Does that have to get in a shootout with the cops?
Yeah,
I was trying to find this little quick little video.
Have you seen this?
What the fuck is barbecue potato flavor?
This new Amazon store,
I don't know if these are a fully out yet,
but this is the way it's going to work.
Like this guy walks in and he scans his phone on like basically like a
turnstile.
Like you're walking into a subway that sort of lets the store know you're there
and you don't pay for anything.
Oh,
you walk out,
walk out,
boom.
It's sort of knows what
charges you off of your account.
And this is what's going to happen for everyone who wants a minimum wage raised.
This is common guys.
Nobody's going to be working in these places.
This is weird.
They're gonna eliminate shoplifting.
This is a weird looking.
Everything in plastic like that freaks me out.
I feel like we're in a movie.
There's a couple of grocery stores like that here already.
I don't know if you're just saying,
what's the airport?
You don't,
you don't even deal with people anymore.
You just go up and you can pick it up and you scan it out yourself.
Well.
Um,
Andrew Yang,
who's running for president on this,
um,
universal basic income idea is one of the things he's doing this for is to
educate people.
The fact that all these jobs are going away,
automation is going to take over many,
many millions of jobs in this country.
And we have to be prepared for all these people essentially being,
you know,
uh,
technology's removed them from the workforce.
They don't,
they're not needed anymore.
So then they have to figure out what,
you know,
what do I do next?
And then universal basic income,
he will be the bridge
to what is universal.
Basically.
The idea is you get a certain amount of money for free to live.
Yeah.
And I don't know how it works.
I'm not an economist.
I'm a moron.
All right.
I am,
I'm not smart.
I don't understand the numbers.
I don't get if he's right or if he's wrong.
I'm not the guy and I don't have the time.
I'm not going to invest in it.
But it's a debate.
And the debate is,
if this is common,
what do you do about it?
It's not whether or not it's coming,
it's pretty,
pretty likely that it's coming.
Oh yeah.
It's pretty likely that all of these people are going to be out of work.
Automation's going to take over for driving.
It's going to take over a lot of factory jobs right now.
There's,
you don't have,
you do not order from a human being.
Yeah.
You type it into a kiosk,
they send it over.
And to be honest with you,
it's a better experience.
Ham,
it's better.
It's cheaper and better.
So at what point do you go,
like,
I'm not like,
look,
I'm a,
that's fine.
You know,
I understand there's some kid who lost his taco bell job,
but if it's a better way and it's a better experience for the customer who's
spending money,
um,
yeah,
I get it,
man.
The thing is,
it's happening so fast.
People aren't going to be prepared for it.
They're going to think that a certain amount of jobs going to be available and
then had a vast number of those are not going to be around anymore.
So his idea is the way you bridge the gap is you give people something that
meets their needs,
like your need for food and shelter.
Just give them enough so that they,
everything else they make,
they get to keep it's theirs and let them give them like a boost.
And the idea is that doing this would save money long term and a bunch of
different ways.
It's all,
it's a lot of,
it's theoretical,
less in taxes with this question.
If that's the case then I'm all for it.
That was it.
Always that though.
Like here's the thing,
we never know.
We don't get an audit of where our taxes go.
Right?
We don't have no idea.
I have no idea what the fuck goes.
Right.
Well it's distributed throughout.
If it went and you knew that it made an impact,
it really did make a difference.
And like you knew that the people that are taking your time,
there's no waste and they're really trying to make the world a better place.
Oh yeah.
But they just like a little bit of your money.
You'd be like,
oh,
okay.
You're trying to make the world a better place.
Like clearly these people are making the world a better place.
If you knew that for sure,
and you felt that for sure.
You're like,
I like the attitude behind this is a very community oriented,
we're going to fix the United States hair.
It takes some of them,
that'd be great,
but it's not that,
but it's trying to go call on,
ain't trying to go get your license renewed a over the phone and see the amount
of people you have to talk to.
The amount of times you get hung up on the amount of times you have to call back
and you realize there's all of these wastes of jobs.
All these people that don't need to be there.
And it's to be honest with you,
everyone is sort of protecting that.
There's like an entire industry of people that work 45 minutes per day and they
like it that way.
They don't want to have any type of real passion.
This is what they do.
Um,
so yeah,
everyone's sorta this,
I want you to the entertainment industry all the time.
Like we create these shows and we do these things and you know,
you guys have a very popular show.
Um,
if this was a studio run shelf,
this was run by ABC Joe Rogan experience change nothing.
If you know what they would do,
there'd be literally 20 people behind cameras right now.
Clipboards.
There'd be people on walkie talkies,
it'd be headsets.
All of these jobs that don't need to be there.
Guaranteed.
Have you ever gone to one of the,
there's a lot of studios in la where it's like,
just sort of corporate one podcasts videos when there's 10 people behind the
camera,
you're like,
what are you doing?
I did Bill Simmons,
Hbo Show.
Really Nice Guy.
That big podcast.
I don't know it now,
you know.
Right.
Jamie?
Yeah.
Um,
and I was,
uh,
we,
we basically did a podcast just with cameras and,
but there was like 30 people there.
Yup.
They'll all these people that are doing this and that and like every other
studio job.
Yeah.
And who's stepping up?
Nobody sat up going,
hey guys,
I'm not really needed here.
Just so you know,
I'm going to dip out.
There's union gigs too by the way.
Like if you want to have lighting and you want to have cameras on you,
you have to use these guys.
And this is how,
I mean,
even if you don't need them,
you would have to use it.
It's,
it's interesting on one hand,
for the longest time I think,
um,
people,
uh,
didn't have as many opportunities.
You know,
you,
you really,
if you wanted to do something,
no matter what it would be,
whether it's,
um,
a television show or you want her to be a host of a talk show or whatever the
fuck it was,
there was not that many paths.
There's only allotted a couple of avenues.
There's only a few channels,
so only a few slots ever,
right.
For the little shows.
But now it's,
no,
it's not the case anymore,
man.
Yeah.
This is not the case.
There's a fucking million different channels.
And if you get roped into that old mentality,
like there's still a few of those old vampires,
it claim to that old system and they would rather you come do it on television.
They'll chop it up every 15 minutes and put a big factor in my crazy like uh,
cause I was on Sirius Xm for a while doing a show and it's just like you,
they fire Depaulo said you're outta here.
Yeah they did.
He tweeted some crazy shit that he did.
If you had a corporate job and can't tweak crazy shit,
nick depaulo that's what you get tired now.
I can't ask him to quit.
It was me and Bisping and Bisping kept on just not showing up.
He was like done with it basically.
And they tried to match me up with like some football player and I was like,
she's fucking hit me in Pittsburgh.
He was gonna start a podcast and that we're doing literally 50 times as good.
I mean,
I mean it's not even close,
but it's,
they have all these food.
There's three producers in the studio.
We have.
It's just all of like the,
the like the spirit and the fun part and the entertaining part of it is sort of
sucked out of it.
You're very specific segments and it's regimented in your producers have to know
exactly where you're going with the next thing and you like,
don't get,
we're not going to get anywhere cool or interesting.
If we're this regimented,
if we're,
if you're not letting and allowing us to sort of play,
you're not going to really,
and this is why I think,
you know,
radio is,
is getting destroyed by podcasts right now.
Um,
every UCC,
her sex,
I'm now,
they're going,
shit,
we got to start a podcast network.
They're starting their own podcast now.
You know,
they did.
They bought Pandora.
Did they?
Yeah.
Yeah,
I think so.
Is that true?
I believe it's a partnership.
Yeah.
I think I heard something like that as well.
Interesting.
Yeah.
And uh hmm.
You have fives with Hulu.
It now I just got an email about that.
You get a free Hulu subscription with your Spotify.
It's all crazy.
They don't know what to do now and now they're like podcasting.
That's a thing.
So there's throwing so much money at all of these companies buying companies for
like hundreds of millions of dollars,
$230 million.
They just bought one another company,
130 million.
It feels like one of those early date tech boom things.
Everybody's just like going crazy and spent all this money.
He's like,
Whoa,
whoa,
okay.
What are you doing?
Why you spending that much money?
How could you possibly,
by the way,
the company they bought is just an idea.
I mean,
what is it really?
It's like we have this idea for this app and me,
you know,
me and my partner,
we have a,
we have our own podcast network called guests digital and we've been practicing
what they're doing.
Like we,
you know,
we have premium content that we have on the website.
People have to pay for some of your shit.
All of the podcasts are free.
The latest 15 are free on youtube and iTunes.
And then the on demand library is a premium with a ad Fraser premium.
So we in insert the ads after the fact,
um,
uncensored,
they get like a three or four day prerelease on the episodes.
So there's all these benefits for becoming a premium member.
And you know,
a certain percentage of people subscribe to the network for the premium stuff.
Um,
which is great.
But we've been putting this into practice for years now and now we're watching
these companies get whatever,
$239.
We're like,
Huh?
You really,
you guys are disgusting.
Like,
yeah,
you guys know we can't.
It's over.
No one's going to pay for,
nope,
they're going to be connected with you.
You guys get too crazy.
You're right.
You're 100% right.
You don't.
But that's the beautiful thing.
It's like you don't really need that.
No,
I don't want it.
So already put $230 million into my company right now.
We would have bosses,
we would be told,
we can't say.
They'd be like,
are you crazy?
Did you guys just,
did you guys just have a bill Cosby rape victim beauty pageant on Legion of
skanks?
Did that actually just happen?
Which it did.
That was a great episode guys.
Go check it out.
Um,
we,
I mean it gets fucking,
we is ridiculous.
Yeah.
But the point is that these companies,
um,
it's,
they're showing that they're understanding that there's something going on with
the podcasting world.
They just throw out a lot of money.
Of course.
I mean,
look,
if they're buying really good companies,
they're making really good podcasts.
I'm happy.
I love podcasts.
Listening to them.
I hope they do well,
but it's just shocking.
And obviously I'm not a business person so I don't,
maybe there's some here have a very much a business personal charm to it though.
Maybe there's some sort of a grand plan.
Maybe there's like some sort of a podcast battle going on between like apple and
Spotify and streaming services.
People are doing premium shit to where they're buying out podcasts and they're
only putting it on where you have to be a subscriber for Spotify or whatever
else it is.
Which just strange because type shit,
yeah.
This podcast grow by sharing.
You have to be able to share them.
You know,
you people have to be able to download it for free.
They fall in love with the content and then that's that they'll come buy a
ticket,
they'll buy a tee shirt,
whatever it is.
Um,
so I think it's a little bit,
I think is a little counterintuitive.
I don't think it's a good idea to hide podcast behind a pay wall.
I wonder what they're going to try to do.
See,
Spotify doesn't have to hide anything behind a pay wall,
but there are some companies that are trying to do something behind a paywall
and they're paying for a bunch of different podcasts and they're going to launch
it like,
like a,
like a network.
Yeah.
I mean,
I mean Kumi does that a little bit with a compound media network.
For Awhile we were the first show,
um,
book to his network and I think it's a mistake.
And I love Anthony and I told him this,
I offer to go work with Anthony when you first heard the network.
Um,
I think that he should do what we do have Anthony put out his shows free.
He would be constantly discovered by new people.
And then it's figuring out how to get a higher percentage of people to subscribe
to your premium content and you will consent can continue to grow that number.
And it's just,
it's literally every time we do a podcast,
there's x amount of new listeners that are discovering it for the first time.
So you have sort of another opportunity if people aren't discovering your
podcast,
it's an issue.
Um,
but I think they did start doing some free episodes on compound you the free
ones up occasionally.
Look,
he's a really brilliant guy.
He's a fun dude to,
and he's one of the funniest,
crazy one of the funniest people,
period.
I love broadcasting with Anthony.
It's the legend,
the legend.
I mean,
you know,
we,
I didn't even grow up on Opie and Anthony.
I never listened opie and Anthony once in my entire life until after I knew
Anthony and I started listening back to old shit with like Patrice and nortons
great.
I'm friends with Norton to when they were all on together.
Those are some of the best episodes ever.
You know Patrice Norton and Anthony,
he's just going crazy about things.
Yeah.
Fuck,
great show man.
Yeah,
they that Opie and Anthony taught me how to do a podcast and a lot of ways I've
heard you say that it was like a hang and I was like,
oh,
it doesn't have to be that structured where someone's got like a list of
questions and they're rattling off.
Like that's not fun.
Like a hang is fun,
you know?
And even when it goes bad,
it's funny.
That's the best.
That's what opie and Anthony figured out,
which was great.
It's like when it's bad,
it's even better because when somebody bombs or there's a joke doesn't go well,
then the entire room just smashes them.
People don't know.
I don't know if you've ever told a joke that didn't go well in a room of people.
It's awful.
And then have the best comics in the world start trashing.
You live on air while millions of people are listening around the country.
Oh my God,
dude,
it's so good.
It also enforced the comradery between comedians and like that kind of a form.
We'd all get together and seat.
You'd meet a bunch of different comics at the show too.
You meet guys from others.
Like you might be sitting in with some comic from Philly,
you know,
you get to know people.
That was,
yeah.
That they did that for sure.
That like,
uh,
that,
that definitely like it enforced it a little bit,
you know?
Yeah.
I mean,
once again,
you know,
you're sort of having three or four people that are really smart,
that are good at radio,
good at broadcasting as well,
be able to react in real time.
You're going to get these things.
You just couldn't get it anywhere else.
You know?
It's,
it's such a,
yeah.
And those guys were some of the best at it.
Um,
you know,
the whole,
uh,
the whole way it went down,
you know,
at the end of it kind of sucked.
Well,
really it's the,
this is,
it's not just the birth of podcasting because of that.
It's for a couple reasons.
Opie and Anthony and in my opinion,
or like the birth of podcasting,
one of them was Anthony built his own studio in his basement where he would do
karaoke holding a machine gun.
He's fucking crazy.
So he compounds,
you know his logo was,
it looked like a swastika from afar.
No,
I swear to God he's again,
he stopped leaning in to the white supremacy stuff.
I'm trying to be friends with you.
Does he think he's doing it for a he?
He's an Haha funny.
He thinks it's funny,
but he's also a 60 year old Italian guy from long island.
It looked like
what is happening,
hardest vibrators I felt in a long,
this thing is ridiculous.
If you talk to most 60 year old Italian man in Long Island,
they're going to have some fairly controversial views on race and politics in
the country.
And you know,
I think he,
when he left Sirius Xm,
he leaned a little bit too much into the political side and he sort of got,
you know,
now he's pegged as like a right wing guy,
but I'm a fucking Puerto Rican kid.
Who was raised definitely right wing,
but he is right wing.
But I'm just saying,
I don't think that,
I don't,
that's not what I look at when I broadcast with Anthony.
I don't talk about politics.
We just talk about whatever we talk about fucking stupid shit.
Barbecue potato chips.
Well,
he'll talk to you about anything,
but we'll talk about politics too.
He's not a dumb guy.
Smart Guy.
He's just crazy.
He's fun.
You know what I mean?
It's not perfect.
No one is.
Yeah.
I just also,
I don't look at people that,
um,
number one,
I don't give a fuck about it,
about what anybody's political views are.
I would never hang out with somebody or not hanging out with them based off of
what their political views are.
If that is their entire identity,
then it becomes an issue because then you're probably an issue to them.
Right.
So many people are to so many people unnecessarily,
so much.
There's so much unnecessary conflict,
you know?
I mean,
some of it's good,
but some of it's just not,
you can be friends with people that you don't agree.
I mean,
Nick Depaulo disagree with like 75% of shit.
I love the guy.
I always love hanging out with him.
I've known him forever and never,
never like never do I say God's nick again.
I love it when he gets mad about shit.
Damn.
Well what?
You don't know what fucking Obama debt.
Yeah,
it's great.
He loves it.
He's on,
he's on that a cameo website and you can just pay him to trash your liberal
friends.
Oh,
that's fun.
It's so fucking funny.
And he'll just like,
it was like,
what do you like fucking Hillary?
You fucking faggot
in his kitchen.
It's fucking great wife beater on.
Yeah,
but look,
Patrice,
you know,
I remember I watched my son,
my son's mother was in labor for 30 hours,
fucking crazy long labor overnight.
And then the next morning she's like lying down.
He's like in the little fucking other room or whatever.
And I'm watching like a fan made Patrice O'Neal documentary and he's just saying
like the most heinous shit about how women aren't shit and about how fucking a
bitch,
you know,
she needs you and blah.
And I just watched my son's mother pushed my son out of her for 30 hours.
It was fucking,
I mean the,
the whole experience was so mind blowing.
And in my mind I'm going,
I could never in a million years do what she just did.
I had this whole other appreciation for what a woman is.
It's like a,
it blows your mind when you got kids and then Patrice has fuck it up.
They're just,
it's a big fat black guy saying horse shit cause he's,
he's fucking,
but it's the funniest shit on the planet,
the absolute Phoenician on the planet.
And you can laugh at it.
You don't have to get mad at it.
I don't agree with half the Shitty,
most of the shit that he says,
all that fucking Aye.
Look Dude,
I'm an idiot.
I don't look at,
I don't,
I don't go after women that are below me.
I like to go after women that are above me and that sort of elevate me and make
me want to be better.
I think that's,
it's a little check and balance.
This am I have him for myself,
you know.
Um,
but you don't have to be so connected to whatever the message is.
You can literally take it for face value,
which is,
it's just really funny.
Like undeniably funny.
Yeah.
He was a monster and he also,
he had points,
really good psychological insight.
He knew what made people tick.
He knew it made people say stupid shit.
If he knew what made people stumble.
He's a,
he was a master at understanding like how to get off controversial ideas.
Yeah.
You know,
he was,
but his,
his contribution for a lot of us was a,
he had an extra level of,
I don't give a fuck,
you know,
like you'd see Don roasts.
He would,
he'd,
you know,
he'd roast and he was like,
I don't even know why I'm up here.
Even on my level was a Charlie sheen.
Yes.
Charlie Sheen.
Rosie Gay.
And he just went off script through the paper and he's just brilliant.
Martyred.
He's a killer.
And he only did that one cause he,
I guess he agreed because he said that was the only guy that he was interested
in.
Rosie was like,
I'm not doing it for the paycheck trolley.
Shane's a fucking G.
Yeah.
Um,
well it's just that he's,
you know,
he would,
he just had this don't give a fuck style.
Yeah.
And we all,
like,
we all,
I think I,
let me speaking for myself,
I appreciate,
I don't give a fuck style more than any other style of comedy.
For me,
my favorite shit was like,
first of all,
Joey Diaz,
but then when you go back to the greats,
like Kinison and Hicks,
and this guys didn't give a fuck.
They went out,
they went off,
and it was the most fun to watch as a person who is a,
an audience member.
For me,
it was the most fun to watch.
And I think,
you know,
that's,
that's the shit that are,
and it's,
yeah,
we grew up on that and then society changes.
And I'm like,
no,
dude,
I've been,
I've been working on this for so long.
Please let me,
I have to change my entire,
like foundation of what I think is funny now because,
and it's almost like,
and that's why I think guys like Legion of skanks and,
and the special,
you guys name it,
Legion of skanks me and big J.
Okay.
So BJ would constantly cheat on his wife and uh,
it was like a regular car and she knew it and everyone knew it.
And one time we were there and then we were hanging out and we were about to
leave her in an argument and she's like,
fuck you,
why don't you go hang out with your legion of skanks and me and big Jay,
we were both playing guitar hero at the time.
There was like a big game at the time.
We both looked at each other.
We're like guitar hero name.
And that was what we named our band initially and guitar hero,
I was Legion of skanks and then we're not that creative.
So we wrote a script.
How long ago was this?
Probably 10 years ago.
10 years ago,
10 years ago.
The name.
And then that was the guitar hero band.
Maybe even more.
Probably more.
Yeah.
Actually way more.
Cause it was right when me and big Jay became friends.
Um,
and then we wrote a legion of skanks is a great name.
It's probably one of the all time greatest names of anything.
Right.
You stop and think about like bands or television,
legion of skanks.
That is a great thank you.
Thank you Joe.
Great Name.
Well I gotta give it to big Jack because he recognized it immediately and then
every project we ever did since then has been named Legion of skanks until the
podcast work.
It's good move.
Yeah.
And it uh,
yeah,
it's,
you know,
people know what they're getting.
They get it,
dude.
They get an end to be honest with you.
People.
People want that type of humor.
That's the other thing is like,
it's the new alternative is like dirty,
edgier,
ballsy shit.
Well it's what we were talking about earlier.
Look,
if you like punk rock,
you should be able to listen to punk rock.
But if you like the kind of comedy that some people like aggressive,
like outlandish comedy you like,
if that's what you like,
then you should be able to enjoy it or not.
It's up to you.
It's like you don't have to like it.
You don't have to listen.
You don't have to watch.
It's not that it makes you immune from criticism if people don't like it.
But you know,
it's,
everybody's got different tastes.
And,
and to be honest with you,
if I want it to sit here and deconstruct everything that could trigger me in
life,
I'm just not a bitch.
I don't,
I don't sit here and I'm triggered every moment by the amount of shit that I've
seen in my fucking life.
Everything triggers me,
everything triggers me.
And every movie that I watched is if there's some fucked up seeing,
I can go,
oh,
that reminds me of some fucked up shit.
Um,
but you have to appreciate those things.
Don't you sort of want sort of everything to be represented and,
and,
and even with comedy,
when you look at things like right,
rape jokes,
it's like a big no,
no topic.
Right.
You can't do rape jokes anymore.
And I understand he was a mimickers bit.
Right.
Which one?
Well I can't say it shit cause you put it on a special he,
I'm sure he is.
Well I'll tell you about it afterwards that just get the first time I met him in
Montreal like years ago.
You don't remember it or any moons at that little place.
The comedy works.
Yeah.
Jim vose joint.
Yup.
Um,
great little spot man.
But yeah.
Yes.
Rape Jokes.
We'll work up.
I close by,
especially with the 10 minute rape joke.
How dare you,
how dare you try to pass that off to America.
But um,
the um,
I can't do the bit but the bits excellent.
Remind me and I'll tell you off,
cause it's one of those premise that like once you say the premise,
it ruins it.
Yeah.
So you have to,
it has to be a very high level.
But the woman in the crowd who was raped a month ago and it's like,
I'm going to go out,
I'm going to go to a comedy club to feel better.
She's not wrong if she's triggered,
but she becomes wrong when she's tries to take away the experience from other
people.
You have to walk away and you have every right.
And I feel bad.
I've had girls come up to me after shows and be like,
hey,
just so you know,
that really bothers me.
This is why.
Right.
And I,
it's a rape joke or whatever it is.
Right.
How many rape jokes?
She got at least 70% of my act.
Um,
I do.
I really know.
I'd say no.
I do close my act with a 10 minute rape joke.
Yeah,
he just said that.
But I mean,
how many rape jokes,
like overall do you have,
how many times I say the rape or is it no bits.
I mean really just that one raped.
It's with long bit though.
So it's a lot of jokes within it and I'm being raped in the joke most of the
time.
Okay.
So that's,
you know,
I think that's why a guy being raped,
it helps.
But I,
you know,
I don't want,
I don't want to ruin the bid either,
but I think you have to.
Um,
I,
I respect the fact that people can be triggered,
but it's a very strange thing to me because for me,
I'm always trying to find something really funny from this dark shit,
right?
Whether it's a personal experience or whatever it is.
And the way we're looking at as comics is we're trying to find something really
positive out of something really shitty.
And then you have like a movie,
which is just,
maybe it's a fucked up seem.
There's nothing.
I mean,
look,
it's a,
it's a positive piece of content.
Tag it to one person talking,
you know,
it's a scene.
You're watching people act out a scene.
You're right.
There's something very personal about one person talking.
That's why this is not,
this is how some people would look at it.
Like you should talk about things that you really care about while you're doing
that because you only have a certain amount of time to do it.
You know?
And some sometimes,
okay.
Yeah.
Sometimes.
Sometimes you,
you have a bit that's just not worth it.
You know,
like the way people react to it.
Just like,
yeah.
Even though you have a point,
it's like even working this bid out,
people are getting so upset.
It's almost not worth it.
No,
it has to be a net positive.
The crowd has to be laughing,
so there's no,
you know,
I'm okay,
I will defend somebody.
Right.
To tell a shitty joke.
You know what I'm saying?
But at the same time,
I understand if as a performer you have to gauge the audience and put your
finger in the air and go,
okay,
which way is the wind blown right now?
The reality is you can't say things that used to say,
you can't say faggot on stage anymore in a crowd in New York or la.
You can't say that word.
The crowd will tighten up and shut down.
You'll ruin the rest of whatever that joke is.
So it's obviously,
I haven't seen dia as recently.
Maybe they say packing a lunch,
he'll say,
oh,
he's awesome.
He'll say whatever he wants.
But I got a point,
you know,
I have a joke about,
my,
uh,
my dog and I used to say my faggot dog because he's looking at another male dogs
asshole on the joke and uh,
and people would shut down at that word.
And it's really,
to be honest with in New York and La,
that's where the biggest faggots live.
The rest of the country is cool.
If you go anywhere else,
they don't really give a shit about words like that.
But in New York and La,
it's become a particularly hard thing to,
you know,
there's certain words and certain things and it's not even the content
necessarily.
It's just those words that sort of set people's sensors off.
Well,
there's always going to be a bunch of words like that.
What's really interesting is what does happen when you stop people from saying
it?
Cause it's Kinda counterintuitive because those words become these forbidden to
give them more
power.
It's,
they have so much more power if you don't,
and I don't just,
I just don't think you ever get to tell people that you can't say certain words
that you used to be able to say all the time.
You know,
I mean the idea behind those words,
it's still the same.
Like if you say to someone you shouldn't say retarded anymore,
even though that used to be like a term that they would use for things being
slower,
like their growth being slower,
their growth was retarded.
But now if you even use it as a technical term,
like in,
in the growth was retarded.
People get upset at you don't use that anymore.
Now that's a forbidding sound.
Even if it doesn't mean what they think it means.
We're talking about a person with down syndrome.
They don't like hearing the r word.
The car you,
you talked about in your Special Ed,
that was a great bit where you're like,
just the sounds from your face.
Like what are we,
what are we doing?
You know,
making these different sounds with your mouth.
So you're,
yeah,
it's just sounds,
well,
it's a,
it's a biproduct of speech being a shitty way to really clearly convey intent.
And that's why when someone is good at speaking their mind,
we kind of get,
uh,
we get a real sense of we enjoy it.
Someone's good at speaking their mind,
but if someone's sucks,
it's speaking their mind.
You know,
if they're,
if they're they're clunky at it,
then it's not enjoyable.
Yeah,
I agree.
Um,
and there's too many people that there's no barrier of entry and we're exposed
to a lot of horseshit very quickly now.
Whereas like,
I think back in the day,
comedians had time to grow in a club.
You know,
you look at Bob Saget,
right?
Bob Saget was like a dirty fucking filthy comic who ended up getting on the
cleanest television show ever.
Right.
The Dad,
you know,
Danny Tanner was,
but then you,
if there was cell phones out back then,
he would have never gotten that Gig.
Well,
I think he stopped doing standup for a long time because that too,
right.
You Guy Faculty did stand up while he was doing that show.
I might be wrong,
but if he did do it,
maybe did like,
uh,
an abridged,
you know,
uh,
PG 13 version or something.
You know,
if I don't,
man,
it's,
is it worth it?
You know?
Is it worth it?
Censoring?
Tell.
I mean,
I think one day it seems like the more time goes on,
the more words they're sneaking it in network television,
you hear like shit every now and then I think,
I think you're allowed to say shit and asshole on a network show now.
Yeah.
There was like a big episode once on something and say Shit in my asshole
though.
Now you can't say that.
Yeah.
It's just to call somebody a deck,
but you can refer to your deck.
That's the idea,
right?
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
You can call someone a pussy,
I think even too,
which is weird.
You know that one's on the way out.
Yeah,
that's cave.
Well now that's become a thing where you're feminizing a man and now that's
offensive to women.
Fucking bitch.
Now that's a fact.
I'm calling my buddy a pussy and you get to take the offense on that.
That's some crazy woman shit that's actually right there.
That's how crazy women are.
It's not how crazy women are.
It's how crazy some women are.
It's like,
like some
men are fucking crazy too.
You just dealing with a giant number of people.
But if people find a little thing where they can pick on it and go after it like
that.
Yeah,
I dunno.
I have no,
there's nothing.
There's no,
it's very funny to me.
There's no words feminizing that could possibly offend me.
That could ever,
right.
You know?
Well,
some people just looking for it,
man.
Right.
I don't actually believe they're offended though.
No,
I don't think so.
I think that it's like you don't want to,
you see like a,
like a Puerto Rican kid get himself worked up in a fight or was like,
what?
What'd he say?
And he starts to like have to psychologically fucking get himself into this
brawl.
That's what I think people do online all day.
They stoke themselves up and yeah,
they don't really care.
Nobody.
Actually,
if they've really gave a fuck,
they would go out and do something.
I think a lot of them do care what they're just expressing it on Twitter or on
Facebook or wherever the gentleman,
I think a lot of them do care,
but I think that
it's fake caring.
It's too easy to pretend to care now that's the problem.
Back
conflict.
They enjoy it.
You think so?
I don't,
I feel shitty.
I feel so gross inside when I go back and forth with somebody.
We were talking about that before.
You feel shitty.
I know.
And I deal with it a lot being an entertainer.
So I imagine when people deal with back and forth online that it's sort of a
shitty feeling and they don't necessarily want that.
They sort of want the accolades for their opinions.
Do they want that?
But they also,
it's addictive.
The conflict is addictive.
It's like you're almost like you're playing a game.
You know,
you're saying something shitty to them and they're say Sam,
say something back to you shitty.
And then they insult you and you insult them and you post a Google article that
refutes there.
Right.
Go,
go article.
But it's conflict.
Look,
you can get,
you can serendipitously,
is that the right word?
Yeah.
Serendipitously,
serendipitously,
um,
you could stumble across some brilliant piece of something on Twitter and you
definitely can learn something and you definitely get some information on
candor.
Facts happens all the time.
You can also get sucked into some abortion debate that each your life for
another ax seven days and you start trying to figure out who's right or who's
wrong.
And w what,
what position to take.
Abortion is one of the most human subjects in that humans are so,
we're so weird in so many ways were so unusual and irregular and we don't,
we're inconsistent in a lot of the ways we look at things.
But the abortion one is a crazy one.
You're literally talking about stopping a human life while it's inside of a
person.
And then you're,
you're talking about whether or not you have the decision to tell someone that
they can stop a life inside of their body.
And everybody's like,
that's not what it is.
That stuff and people like try to redefine it in some strange way like no,
no,
no.
It's a woman's choice.
It is.
It is a woman's choice.
But what is it a woman's choice to do?
Yeah.
To decide whether or not a life stays in her body and becomes a person or not.
And when do you get to decide when a PR,
but this is not as simple clean thing.
It's a simple clean thing in my terms in my mind is in terms of what I'm able to
tell anybody what to do and I wouldn't want to,
but if you just look as a human,
if someone is having an abortion and the baby is a healthy baby,
that's pretty close to being born and like when is it okay?
I think every,
most people think it's okay with,
there's like two cells,
right?
There's only two cells or four cells or t and they start dividing.
But at one point in time,
there's a line where it's one of those inside of the woman's body.
And also you think about this like whatever that line is,
everyone,
right?
Let's say you're pro choice,
you have a line where one second ago it wasn't okay,
but this and this exact second it is okay.
Right.
Which is sort of fucking crazy in itself,
you know?
So it's like,
it's crazy in terms of if you talk about a late term abortion,
well that's just how nice.
Yeah.
How late is this?
Like what are we saying?
I mean,
and this is a,
this is a terrifying thing for people.
This,
this idea that we can make these decisions and rationalize them and decide
fourth person whether or not they should have to raise a child or whether they
can stop it because it hadn't seen air yet.
It's such a fucking,
uh,
[inaudible] it just wants you to have a kid.
It changes everything.
Because I saw my kids heartbeat every Puerto Rican instinct.
I had to have a baby kicked in.
I was like,
we're having this fucking baby.
That's that.
Cause when we went to the doctor,
we weren't a hundred percent positive.
We were going to keep my son.
It was,
it was a debate much more on her.
And I was,
it really is Latinos.
We just fucking want to spread our seed.
Cause I really,
I just,
Eh,
she got pregnant and that was that.
And then I saw the heartbeat and I was like,
that's a baby right there.
I'm watching.
It's just a little flickering on a screen,
but I'm just like,
what do want me to say?
That's a heartbeat.
Um,
however,
you know,
there's a lot of,
there's a,
there's some crazy shit I organized.
It's a lot of religious stuff attached to it.
You know,
people don't want anybody to enforce their own religious beliefs as what
abortion is,
you know?
And especially when you're dealing with something that's like,
you're just a week,
two weeks,
whatever it is.
When they like people think of it as just a cluster of cells.
Like why is that so bad to stop this and its tracks.
By the way,
I also think of it as a cluster of cells.
And if I had to put myself into a category,
I would put myself into the pro choice category.
Um,
I think we need to decide for,
first of all,
men can't get pregnant.
Men can get pregnant.
I used to have a joke about it.
You'd be able to get an abortion on your phone.
Literally.
It would be an APP.
I used to have this bit about it because it's true.
If a man,
men like they had a cold pull out your phone,
go fuck this kid.
I'm not any kids.
It's too annoying not dealing with it.
Yeah.
It's not that we should be able to tell a woman whether or not she can or she
can't do it.
It's just looking at it for what it actually is.
I don't think we have any right to tell a woman what she can or can't do.
But looking at it for what it is,
it's,
I mean,
it is not a clean
thing.
It's a strange thing and it's why I say it's one of the most human things.
Yeah.
Because it's a,
it's what even the animals don't have that choice.
You can't deny what she,
I had a cat when I was 11 and uh,
it was just,
we were garbage so she like fucked her son.
So she had a bunch of retarded cats with back backwards legs and I watch my cat
eat those kittens.
Oh,
so it's a yeah,
it's pretty human.
The debate.
It would have been a conversation with humans.
Yeah,
I've seen that.
Um,
that animals do that.
I had a hamster that did that one.
She ate her babies and we were like,
what the fuck?
We looked at she pro choice this hamster.
Nope.
She's not pro choice.
Right.
It was a choice to eat their babies.
Um,
she carved a whole lot of this baby's head and she was chewing on it.
We looked in,
I never thought of that.
Hampshire the same way again.
Like that is all pretty rat.
That dirty little thing kills babies.
What in the hell?
They get some sort of a disease apparently.
And uh,
if they get that disease they'll often just kill their babies.
Hamsters has a regular two.
There was rough.
We were a little too.
We were like six,
seven.
My sister were like,
it's all fun way to learn about death.
These things either babies said we were so happy that they had babies.
Like oh my God,
it's going to be a Munis little thing.
By the way,
baby hamsters,
Dorothy,
they look like little fingers.
They're just cute and pink and they're just fucking,
their eyes are closed and yeah,
it was like wet tale.
I think it was the disease.
I think that's what it was called.
Yeah,
it turned out she had,
yeah,
no,
I don't remember where we got her pet store or some shit.
I don't need any of those pets.
I Dunno.
Peck guys.
It is looking up an article about it and it just says that like especially in
the first time,
mothers stress and fear associated with rewriting the babies can be too much to
handle so she just kills them all.
Jesus,
that's hamsters.
Hamsters,
a lot with animals,
dogs,
cats.
They kill their babies.
They eat them sometimes
the most fucked up one.
It's bears cause bears.
They'll go into dens looking for babies.
Babies.
So a,
well the predators,
you watch this Predator shows where like,
you know,
a bunch of fucking hyenas there was looking for like a baby antelope.
Yeah.
But baby bears like bears eat bears.
Oh,
bears.
He pairs cannibals.
They eat little cubs.
Ah,
eat the shit out of Ah,
no.
It's quite sad and bear death seems pretty horrific.
I never even saw that movie.
The revenant where like the Paris one was brutal scene.
Never fake one.
You got to see grizzly man,
they have the video from getting eaten that,
oh no,
no,
no grizzly man has this disappears.
A gay guy that moves to Alaska to uh,
to save the bears and one of them eats him and his girlfriend.
It is a crazy film.
It's a Werner Herzog documentary.
It's unintentional comedy.
I mean it's,
I think the way it's edited.
He had to know there's a certain point in time where it's like obvious comedic
timing.
He edited.
It seemed like a lot of it was tongue and cheek,
but it's about a really crazy guy,
Timothy Treadwell,
who's lived with the bears for like hundreds and hundreds of days and had all
this video footage of him like really close to big giant grizzly bears and she
has a story and it was like a eventually ate them.
Yeah,
it became a sort of a meme.
They'll do that.
Eventually you're gonna run into a bear that's like,
Hey,
you know what?
They'll beat the fuck out of you today.
It's a great documentary.
I love to watch it.
I am.
Bears eat their cubs.
There's a,
there's video of this may maybe the guy at like a Russian zoo who jumps into the
bear cage and there's this video of this bear eating this man and it's just,
it looks,
it looks every bit like the most horrible thing in the world.
Like that is the way that I don't want to go pee.
Always talking about how would you want to go?
It's like,
I know how I don't want to go as being eaten alive by a bear because they will
eat you guts first.
You know,
you'll,
you'll still be alive.
They'll be tearing your guts apart.
Yeah.
There are so big,
I look a Grizzly,
a grizzly bear.
We don't even understand how big that is.
It's got a 900 pound super dog,
you know,
not matching a 900 pound dog that wants to kill you.
That's bear.
I get very scared cause you,
you know,
I know you run with your dog in the hills.
Have you uh,
got to look out for cats.
Yeah.
Shit.
Have you had to deal with any of that shit?
No,
I was running with a knife though just in case you heard the story about the
guy,
cause there was the rumor or a couple of years ago about how you choked out a
cougar or whatever.
It was like a,
a mountain lion and there was the guy who did in Colorado.
Yeah.
Killed him one time I was a baby,
Brian Callanan.
Brendan Schaub was shitting all over.
That guy was saying he was a baby.
They called it a long time ago.
They called it like Rinella was saying it was 85 pounds and I was saying,
I heard it was 85 pounds and then Jamie googled it and he found 35 pounds and I
was like,
Whoa,
that's not as impressive.
And then now they're saying it was like fuck them up about the cat still.
Like he was still,
fuck yeah,
isn't it crazy little a baby cat would think that it could kill a grown person.
Imagine being something that cocky like you with your face running up to like a
giraffe and go,
oh,
I got this phone thing.
I'm just going to jump on this tramp.
I could kill a giraffe and think so I don't think he could.
You don't leave house?
Oh God,
this bears just mall and this guy did it kill him.
That was Khabib's for former training partners and he says,
Christ,
it doesn't always go well.
Cans tearing them apart.
Okay,
stop Jamie,
stop this.
Did the Guy Die?
I must've,
yeah,
that doesn't look like it's going to end.
Well he lived.
Yeah.
Wow.
Oh my God.
Bears probably never killed anything before.
Probably just been eating meat that they gave it to.
He's probably,
what do I do with you?
Yeah,
he's just bad at killings.
He was just doing it longer and more painfully.
It's like being stabbed with a butter knife condition.
Yesterday was said to be comfortable.
Oh
yeah,
but he's got a story now we'll go on tour.
Yeah.
You think so or else?
Yeah,
there'd be,
yeah.
If the a bear attack happens guys to start to filter through
it,
it's not going to freeze in his tracks for Chrysler had that story.
That'd be a whole other fucking special.
It would be another 45 minutes.
A machine versus the bear.
Yeah,
the machine versus the bat.
I can see it now.
He might have to write something to do.
We got to wrap this up.
It's a three gram.
That was fun.
So tell me one more time where they can get your special.
I can get ever iTunes,
Google play,
Amazon and a directly from our website.
Gas Digital network.com and you are,
is it Gomez comedy on Instagram?
Goleman's common against gram.
Lucia Gamez on Twitter.
I'll listen to the pods.
I got a few positive one with Bisping as well.
I'll call and believe you and believe you me.
Right,
right.
Beautiful Blue Man.
Thanks.
Good brother,
my brother.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Bye everybody.
That's fine.
Good.
Hmm.